# GMT20211019-141420_Recording_640x360

[00:00:00] Hey, Jeannie, are you there? Yes. Good morning. Good morning. Can you hear me? Yes. Can you hear me? I can. I can. Um, I want to check something to make sure I'm positioned correct. [00:01:00] Um, well, good. I appreciate it. Do you have, uh, let's just confirm this morning. You have until 1115 ish. Okay, good. Would you mind if I record this?

Not, not the portion that shows you, can you hear me? Oh, yes. Yes. Go ahead. Okay.

Oh, can't do that. Okay. So today, uh, I, I wanted to mention a couple things. One is just to make sure you saw the note that the bishop is planning on us doing the reception of you into the Episcopal church at our sanctuary. Um, and so we would be physically together. He wants to lay hands on you. You're good with that.

Okay. I think that's the best way to do it. And so we'll be having a live worship and a regular service. Uh, we'll [00:02:00] be masked or whatever in the following this protocols, but so that'll be our plan. The other thing is today is part of preparing you for that. I wanted to do one of the, as much as possible of the first.

Part of the teaching that I do of someone for catechesis that, as I mentioned to you, one is just a bit general, uh, review of things that you'd likely already know, um, that, um, are in the essential. Uh, claims of the church, and then the next big component is, uh, more of an introduction to the history and the distinctive, uh, emphases of the Episcopal church.

So we won't talk about the day. So today it would be more assuming that you were someone coming to me who did not have a background in the church. And this is what the, what we have historically done, uh, for the last 2000 years. So what I want, the way I wanted to get at that was have you walk us through, um, the, [00:03:00] um, Apostles Creed.

So forgive me if it'll be something of a lecture, but that's what I wanted to do is walk you through the Apostles Creed as a way of, of introducing you to something that I know that you're already familiar with, which are basic affirmations of the church. So it's very much Orthodox Christianity. Uh, and so that you have been, at least I know you have, it has been introduced to you.

Now I know you've been participating, uh, consistently in the Gospel of Mark. preaching series I've been doing, which are basically biblical lectures. Very intentionally, I am catechizing the congregation who does not really that have a strong biblical familiarity. And many of the things that, that, uh, I'm going to talk about today.

I'll just allude to what we've been talking about this because it happens to have coincidentally been a part of the preaching series as well. Does that sound like something that is amenable to you? All right. So with that, forgive me if I preach at you a little bit, , but what I'm gonna No, [00:04:00] no, no. Just walk us through then.

Um, uh, a a com a, um, something that is known as the Apostle's Creed. Uh, you, you're familiar that we say it in morning prayer, interestingly enough, we don't say in, in, in the Eucharist, the The Apostle's Creed. The Apostle's Creed. Mm-hmm . something that was developed in 180 in the common era, uh, as I'll explain, and I'll explain why of that.

We've say normally, uh, the Nicene Creed, uh, and the Nicene Creed is more expansive, but the best way to think about the creed is to think about the is to think about it in terms of the way it was originally used. I like to think of it as a PowerPoint presentation that was used for catechesis because that's what it actually was.

The creed was used as a, uh, as a way of catechizing people who would come to be baptized and they were always as adults. [00:05:00] Uh, and, uh, and they take about three years actually to go through, uh, uh, an introduction to all of the concepts I'm going to try to present in, in about an hour. Uh, so, so they would meet each week and the, and so the way it would work is, uh, they would go through the lesson.

I'm going to about to give you, uh, in a, in, in great detail. Um, And then at the end of that three year period, those people who had been categorized would then well, actually, they'd always worship with the church with the community. But then when it came time for the, for the liturgy of the table, the Eucharist, they would then be ushered out.

Actually, that's not let me back up. What they do is they gather for the liturgy of the word in which there was the preaching of scripture and there was a sermon and then those who were being catechized would be ushered out from that community where they would be then catechized and presented, uh, uh, in the way that I'm presenting it to you today.

And that while the others did the Eucharist, and at the end of that period, when [00:06:00] they were finished with that education, they would then actually stay for the liturgy, the table, they would participate in the Eucharist as they were after they were baptized. So the Apostles Creed was basically like the headings on a PowerPoint presentation for their syllabus.

Isn't that interesting? We've, we've, it is basically an ancient syllabus. Uh, and that's what I'm going to go through with you today. So that begins with, um, something that is a creed. Uh, this word here, the creed, you know, it, it, it stands for, um, you know, I believe, right. Uh, the word credo means I believe, or we believe, and, uh, creeds are a way of creating the mind of Christ in community by passing on the essentials of the faith from generation to generation and from Christian to Christian in a way that protected the church from threats.

Threats that would distort the faith and lead us astray. And I, to give you an idea of that, I wanted to ask you to [00:07:00] think about our own pledge of allegiance. You know, a pledge. You know, when you say, I believe or a pledge, I pledge, you know, that way, if you could imagine a night, you know, making, you know, pledging allegiance to serve a particular King, you know, uh, you know, pledging absolute loyalty.

And so when we make our pledge, a pledge of allegiance, we interestingly enough, pledge allegiance, not to a King, not to a president, not to a government, but to a flag, not the King and the flag, not of any particular state, but a flag of the. All of the states representing them, and we pledge allegiance to, you know, the flag that stands for a republic, right?

And so all of these things have a negative, uh, that they are certainly they're, they're asserting. We pledge allegiance to this, but in the back, uh, background of all this is some sort of battle that we fought, uh, uh, over. You know, over what it means to be American. Um, uh, that then causes us to affirm, you know, certain positives.

We say [00:08:00] this. And when we say this, we're saying no to that. So, for example, we pledge allegiance to the flag and the republic for which it stands, right? So in other words, we're saying not a monarchy, not a dictatorship, not even a representative democracy in a, you know, a pure democracy, but a Republican form of government.

That's what we're pledging allegiance to. And we're pledging allegiance to one state. Excuse me, one nation and not like it was before the Civil War where, you know, Robert A. Lee considered himself a Virginian first and then an American. We say no, uh, since the 1870s when our Pledge of Allegiance was introduced, you know, we say no, we are Americans first.

And then our state citizenship is subordinate to that. In the 1950s, uh, they added before I was born, uh, the phrase under God. Why? Because the Soviet Union and China, communism had arisen, uh, which were, were anti Christian, anti, uh, they were completely secularized governments. And [00:09:00] so we added the phrase under God to say that we are, we are not like them.

We were saying no to that movement. And we say that we are indivisible. Why? Because that we had claimed we had people who claimed as part of our history that our nation was divisible, that we could secede if we wanted. And, and, uh, and we said, and of course, a civil war, we settled that question saying that we're indivisible.

And then we, we, then at the end, we Name certain values. You know, we say liberty. You know, we that there will be that our goal is to be a people for which there is an absence of boundaries that are in the way of loving and fellowship with each other. So liberty and a sense of freedom in that. And we, we name, you know, justice as one of our essential criteria for our success and being who we want to be, you know, justice, you know, is that which.

removes the obstacles between us. Uh, and we were saying that we sometimes need national power to [00:10:00] remove those obstacles to justice. And that comes back to the civil war again, remove, you know, we needed national power to re remove the sin of slavery, the stain of slavery, the structures of slavery. For example, this is just one example, uh, uh, you know, so that that all could good experiences.

And then we say this is all this is true for all, you know, justice and liberty for all. In other words, not just the property owners, which is the way we started out, not just males, which is the way we started out in terms of citizenship, not just whites, which is the way we started out. Um, for the most part, uh, in, in as our country and not for those who passed some test, uh, of citizenship, uh, in the sense of the poll taxes from the 1960s, for example.

So the pledge of allegiance is a good idea, a good example, I think, for understanding what a creed is because, uh, because, uh, uh, it, it, it is saying yes to certain things and no to others that know is to things that have threatened our. communion, [00:11:00] our community. So with that, that's what the apostles creed was.

There were existential threats. Um, there was a, a triple threat to the church. Uh, the first I would name would be the, the, uh, the, the Roman empire itself, as you've been following the gospel of Mark, you've seen that, uh, uh, Christianity, uh, was taking on, uh, You know, many of the tenants, you know, uh, I'll be talking this week, or actually I talked last week about how on the coin, you know, Tiberius was named as the son of God and, and, uh, so from a Roman perspective, Christianity was nonsense.

If you're a Roman citizen, uh, you know, citizen of the Roman empire, you had certain rights. And one of those is you belonged to the imperial cult. And that imperial cult named Christianity as nonsense, as superstition mixed with philosophy. And the response of the Roman cult to Christianity was if some divine [00:12:00] being has descended earth, well, why did it happen in some remote part of the world is useless as Palestine and not in Rome?

And why did it only happen once? Um, and, uh, and, and the claim was that Christians were guilty of undermining the greatness and glory of Rome and, and thus undercutting the only power that could prevent the world from falling into chaos, which was the military might of Rome. Right. And so that was one threat.

Another threat was what we call Gnosticism, which was a movement that began, uh, in ancient times and continues to this day. And if you're familiar with the phrase dualism, uh, Gnosticism, we'll talk a little bit more about some of its precepts because they were, that was the biggest threat to the church at this time.

Most of the no's that are in our creeds come, you know, are saying no to the Gnostic movement. But churches, you know, Paul and the others, you know, established churches and those churches existence became threatened by as they became into contact with the Gnostic movement, which would where [00:13:00] people would begin to believe certain things were true, which meant that were counter to the gospel.

So one of the first of these. Is in the most important perhaps is the division of our understanding of the world into absolute good and absolute evil. And some things that we see in creation are, are intrinsically inherently evil and some things are good. And it turns out that things that are spiritual are good.

Things that are material made of matter are evil. And so what you end up with. Is, uh, something that's very much contradicted to our claim as Christians and Jews, uh, which is that all things are created by God and God proclaimed them good. And from that, we, we then derive a whole bunch of assertions about things.

For example, we're able to say that sex is good. Right. Um, whereas, uh, when we, when we, you know, when Gnosticism creeps into our faith, you know, we say a lot of those types of things that are very, very physical [00:14:00] are us at our, in our fallen state for, you know, as Christians, we would say otherwise. Um, and then in addition to the Gnostic movement, they had then what we have today, uh, that where, where, uh, we have, you have, uh, two different extremes.

One is a. Uh, a fundamentalism. Um, that insists that someone is a new Christian believe things that are completely, uh, indigestible material. Uh, you know, I need you to believe, for example, uh, today you hear this. I need you to believe that the world was created 5000 years ago. In spite of the fact that our science tells us that, you know, the universe was, you know, it seems to have been created at least 15 billion years ago.

And that we, we know where there's plenty of evidence that, that Homo sapiens arose at least 15, 000 years ago. Uh, we had friendships with dogs 10, 000 years ago. So, uh, you know, that's just an example. And then on the other extreme. What you have is I'm gonna word. I'm gonna use the word liberal here, but but [00:15:00] in a particular way, uh, which which is which is an approach that is so accommodating to all other belief systems.

Uh, that reduces all all of them into one and says they're all the same. And so it just sort of becomes the least common denominator of all belief systems and so it says no to nothing. And so you you end up believing in a. And a god of ultimate vagueness. You know, it's hard to, to worship a God that's that vague, but it's, it's basically all things.

But so those were the threats. And so our crees are, are na, are, are, are very much derived from battles in which the church needed to say no to certain of those types of claims. And so we say, I believe and we begin with, um, you know, the, if you look at the Apostles Preed and also the nice reed, they're, they're all the, the, you know, structured in a Trinitarian way.

You know, I believe in. God, the father, God, the son and God, the spirit. Um, and so we're going to drill down first now talking about God, the [00:16:00] father. Um, and, uh, uh, the, uh, you know, the, the, the three things that we, the, the God, the father one is pretty simple and God, the son, we have a whole bunch to say, God, the father, uh, it's, it's, it's, there's not as much.

Much that was at stake that it threatened the identity of the church that we felt needed to be created. But the first one is, um, that, that we called God father, and that was in contradistinction from, uh, all the other world religions. You know, if someone is father, that means you're naming a personal relationship.

So let me in a nutshell say, you know, we also say God is mother. We Christian in the Christian tradition, we Um, I have a history of, of, of describing God in feminine terms and, and, you know, wisdom, divine wisdom, Sophia in, in the old Testament is feminine, right? So when we speak of God, Father, we're not making a, we're not using this, this thing called gender in that sense.

What we're saying is that [00:17:00] we understand God. is someone that's capable of being known in a personal way in a personal relationship. And that was completely in contrast with the way the most of the world religions understood what the deity or any sort of divine was. And those were, we're saying that God is.

You know, is not merely transcendent. God is transcendent. So God, you know, even Yahweh was unapproachable. You know, this weekend I'm going to be mentioning the burning bush, you know, where Moses can't walk up and, you know, you're walking on holy ground. You can only get so close to, to God without being consumed.

Right. Well, that's the transcendence of God. Oh, God, father, we're talking about a personal God, uh, who is actually not just transcendent, but us also imminent. In other words, is also capable of being in a close intimate relationship with us. We call God father for in the creed, for one reason, one reason only we Christians and Jews call God father.

No, actually we Christians do. And that is this, um, that [00:18:00] Jesus called God called Yahweh father. He called him actually. Abba, which means daddy. Okay, so our historic use of father comes from Jesus's usage. Um, um, now what we also mean when we call God father is that God is not merely Plato's prime mover. In other words, God is not some abstraction.

Uh, God is not simply, uh, the answer to the question. Well, someone had to be the creator. So who's the creator? Well, Plato said, well, There's this thing called the prime mover. And so God is the is only the answer to the question of, you know, something had to be at the beginning. What was at the beginning?

You know, uh, so we're saying God is much more than that. God is not someone was just there at the beginning, but it's constantly with us, you know, God with us in time. Um, we also understand in contrast to another world religion. Um, that, uh, is called [00:19:00] stoicism is in ancient times. It still persists today.

You see stoicism and buddhism and other, uh, hinduism and other forms of religion. Those are, those are Eastern versions of the ancient stoicism. Uh, but, but the, but the God that is described when they describe God and those other world religions, the ancient ones in the current ones, uh, they described God as withdrawn.

As detached from the created order as indifferent as apathetic. Um, uh, and in the classic sense of the, uh, epicureans, you know, you know, would say, uh, that which is an ancient religion, uh, ancient Greek religion. You know, the epicureans, you know, gave us the phrase, eat, drink and be merry. And their answer was, you might as well eat, drink and be merry because God doesn't care what you do.

The gods are not to be trusted. And so when we say God father, we say no to that understanding of God's nature. And then we also say that God, the father, you [00:20:00] know, you know, is there's that, you know, father as is being that seed of our own existence. You know, we say that in God, we, we live and move and have our being God is the source of all being.

Uh, and so, so the father thing is not just a personal relationship, it is also, uh, a life giving naming that father is the source of our life. Later on, we're going to talk about the next is, of course, is, is, uh, we're going to talk about the maker. So you'll see that same creative element there. So, uh, any questions about those comments about God, the father?

All right. We also say that God is almighty and this is not that controversial. Uh, but it doesn't mean that God sits on some throne and does anything God wants to do, like some tyrant, which is. The way God, the ancient religions understood Zeus and Poseidon and others. Uh, what is really saying is, uh, monotheism that there are no gods [00:21:00] who are superior to the one true God.

There is simply one God. So when all these other gods are mentioned, they're just a different culture's way of pointing to our universal experience of one God. And, uh, there are no gods that are above this. It also has another meaning, and that is that. All things are possible for God. So that's something you've seen in the Gospel of Mark series where Jesus has said, yeah, it's not possible for men, but it is possible for God.

So all things are possible for God. Um, then the next thing we comment, we make about God is that God is the maker of heaven and earth, uh, really important, uh, because this is saying that, uh, saying no to a world religion called pantheism. Pantheism holds that everything is God. God is simply is the universe.

There is nothing that is separate from God. Everything from the soul of man to the sticks and stones that we see are in some [00:22:00] sense God. In other words, God is wholly contained within our universe. Uh, so we, so we say, when we say that God is the maker of heaven and earth, we're saying, uh, not, uh, we're, we're not actually asserting the.

you know, a cosmology that you see in the Bible, uh, in which, where they saw, okay, the world, the way the world is constructed is that there is a, a physical space called heaven, and there's a physical, physical place called earth. A lot of people do say that, but that's not what the creed means. What we're saying is that whatever is, Whatever there is in the created order, uh, does not contain God.

God is the maker of all that is another thing that we're saying is, um, that there is no direct contact between God and man. In other words, God is transcendent. You know, God is other than us. Uh, we are not God. Um, And, um, another thing we're saying no to is a [00:23:00] Gnostic element, uh, that, uh, it's really important.

Uh, the Gnostics felt that God, you know, that, that spirit is good in all matter is evil. And therefore, Uh, if God is God, God would not defile God's self by touching anything that is of matter, by creating anything that is of matter. And so the Gnostics had this really ornate way of, of, of abstracting God from the creative order.

You know, they created this, they had this language called eons and, uh, a descending series of, of, uh, eons. And it's something ultimately called a demiurge. Uh, that was so distant, so ignorant and hostile to God that it could touch evil matter. And it was by that eon that the world was created, that eon called the Demiurge, right?

And so, so that was something that was encroaching into Christianity saying that, well, God, you know, God could not touch anything that was evil. So we say no to that notion. [00:24:00] No, the creation is good. And God created it says no to all things that would say, well, God could have nothing to do with any of us.

And the other thing we're saying that I mentioned earlier is that, uh, we say God is the maker of heaven, earth and earth is that God is very much not just the maker of heaven and earth, but is the sustainer. So that is a making that is constantly creative. God is constantly creating. Uh, and so God is involved in against Against Stoicism and against Epicureanism and other world religions that see God as indifferent, we say, no, God is very much involved on an ongoing basis with God's creation.

So, uh, let me stop there and see if you have any questions about any of those things. Those are our three essential claims about, about the Father, uh, person of God. Any questions about that?

I hope any of some of this is helpful. Yeah, definitely [00:25:00] the emphasis on the father being not a gender term, but a, a personal term. So it's, it's, it's more inclusive than I think the language we use. Right. And in the church historically, it's not, it's not a last 100 years thing. Uh, the feminine for God has been used for two or 3000 years within the Jewish, um, heritage we have, and then within Christianity.

So if you go back and look at a Duke, I had to read all sorts of the classic readings, uh, of classic Christianity and throughout there. There is this, this constant parallel language of, of the mother, God and faith as in my favorite metaphor that you see throughout history of faith is the faith of a babe, uh, that, that just instinctively turns to the mother's breast where mother is God and we turn towards God.

And so all that is in our literature. So the, the, the, the, the recent phenomenon of [00:26:00] anxiety about that doesn't know our own history. Um, so let's now talk about Jesus. And you can see by the little boxes there, we got an awful lot to say about Jesus. So I'm going to run through this pretty quickly. Jesus simply means it's the, it's the, uh, Jesus is, is the, um, Greek word, the Romanization of the word of Hebrew word, Joshua.

So the word Joshua means he saves. Uh, and it was a very common name like John, but so we're saying that, uh, that Jesus of Nazareth was a human. That's the most important thread you're going to see in this. But one of the things that we're saying is that basic Christian assertion is that the essential God manhood appeared within existence.

Right. The same existence that you and I experienced can experience the conditions of existence and was not conquered by them. You might recognize I'm alluding to Gospels of john prologue, you know, [00:27:00] uh, where he was not conquered by it. Uh, the light entered the world and was not conquered by the darkness.

Right. And so, uh, so we're saying that, um That it's really important for us to claim that God has entered into our life in a material way that, uh, into our existence. If, if existence is conquered in a personal life by one, then it can be conquered in principle by all of us. Uh, and, and so that's important.

Um, Jesus, like all humans is finite. was finite and Jesus, like all of us was free, was finite and free. Uh, and without that, without those two things being true, uh, he would not have been equal. with humankind, and he could not have been the Messiah. He had to be human by definition. So a lot of things you'll hear, even within our congregation, a lot of people will get all caught up in this.

These [00:28:00] notions of Jesus was perfect, you know, and I always want to ask him. So you're saying Jesus never fought with his little brothers, you know, Jesus never talked back to his mom. Well, if that's the case, then I don't know. I can't relate to him, you know, and I emphasize that, you know, I like to say, if you use my crudeness, but you know, Jesus probably passed gas like I do, you know, uh, my point is that we're rid of this, this, these creedal statements are very much emphasizing Jesus's humanity saying he's just like you.

just like me with the distinction being he as an adult was able to manifest and live a life that was, uh, was perfectly in relation to God, you know, uh, into the, into the father. Um, and so this was really important because this was the claim that was being made by the Gnostics who, who, who denied the humanity of Jesus.

Um, and so if you look at our biblical influence that we've talked about in the gospel of Mark, What you see is a threefold emphasis. You see, [00:29:00] uh, the complete finitude of, of Jesus. You see the, the biblical stories talking about, he was born, he was raised by his parents, he lived among men and was challenged by men.

He got mad at men and he, and he ultimately was killed, you know, he died. Just like men, and he was buried just like men. Um, and so what you also see is a second emphasis is the reality of of Jesus experiencing the temptations that grow out of being human. And so all the gospels talk of Jesus being tempted.

And then we also see a third emphasis, which is the victory of over those temptations that were essential. His victory, when we talk about his perfection, we talked about his victory over temptation. That's what that means. Not that he had a perfect view of the cosmology of the world. Not that he knew that the world was 15 billion years old, uh, that he didn't have any sort of scientific error.

You know, or anything like that. That's not what we're claiming. We speak of Jesus's perfection. What [00:30:00] we're talking about is his perfect victory over the temptations of finite humanity. For if he had not, then he would have disrupted his relation to God. And he would have ruined his messianic vocation. Uh, and so that's what we're trying to say.

And we, so we insist in the creeds that he died, that he heading that we, and we note in the gospels that he experienced anxieties over dying at Gethsemane, right? That Jesus, you see in the gospel story, Jesus had bodily, social, and mental insecurity that, that he had want, he thirsted, he hungered, uh, and we, we, he experienced rejection, he experienced forsaken ness, uh, And he experienced the struggles to make others understand him and, uh, and he failed, uh, just like you and I do at being understood.

Jesus needed solitude like you and I need solitude. He had, he had finite concerns that [00:31:00] were produced by his own encounters with the world in which he existed. deeply affected when he saw the misery in the world, you know, um, he experienced the tension of, of being a human. And you, you, you saw the impossibility of his penetrating into the personal center of anyone else.

He couldn't force anyone to believe him. He didn't, he was human. He, he couldn't say, okay. I'm going to cast a spell on you. And suddenly you're going to have faith. No, Jesus had to do had get people, get people to follow him the same way you and I do. All of these things are really crucial. And that's why we have to insist, you know, on these, this is the stories that the gospels say that the gospels share that's the portrait they share and they all contribute to our understanding that he was human, human, like you and me.

He had errors, uh, in his understanding of physics, errors in his judgments about men [00:32:00] errors in his judgment about the, uh, historical moment. Uh, and, and he had hesitation even accepting his messianic title. Um, and he experienced being forsaken. In the same way that in the worst way that you and I might do it on the cross, you know, my Lord, my Lord, why have you forsaken me?

He said, uh, feeling that sense of abandonment that we sometimes feel so over and against the, uh, the Gnostics, particularly in others who insisted that God could not be human, that Jesus was. Not human. They actually said in the church, there was this move that said, well, you know what? We imagined him. He appeared to be, he was an apparition.

The guy that we say was Jesus who appeared to have been deity was deity, but he was just pretending to be a human. He wasn't actually flesh because flesh is evil, right? So all of these things that I just described with the biblical show, the biblical portraits show, uh, [00:33:00] they are Things that are our creedal statements insist upon in order to insist that he was a human.

I'll come back to those. We say that Jesus was a person. Jesus was also the Messiah, the Christos. Jesus, the Christ mean the word means Messiah. And the Messiah was a particular person. The Messiah would be the agent of God who would demonstrate to the world. that, uh, that, uh, Israel, uh, were his people and, and he would bring in, the Messiah would bring in the dominion of God.

In other words, he would bring in the moment, the time in which God, God's will would reign In us that that's what the kingdom of God is. Kingdom of God is, is that is the moment, you know, consists of the moments, not the zip code, but the moments the time in which our hearts are ruled by God in which we will what God wills.

That's the kingdom of God. And for [00:34:00] us it's for me certainly it's very fleeting sometimes my. I think I like to think that my will is. What God wills and other times right afterwards, it is not so much, but I'm learning. I'm getting better. I'm learning how to love. And when I do that, uh, you know, God is reigning and the Messiah is the one who would bring that about.

Uh, and another thing we'd say is that, that the Messiah would bring a new state of things, you know, the new being, um, so that's who the Messiah was. Um, and that's who we're saying Jesus was, he's the one who would be the king of all the world. Uh, now we also say that Jesus was God's only son and that I've already hinted it.

One of the reasons they say that, because who was saying, who was saying that he was God's son? Well, Caesar Augustus. You know, Caesars, Tiberius, Caesar, Augustus, all of the Caesars after about the year 50, in the common era, would claim divinity and they would call themselves the Son of God. But let's talk about what that means.

So we're saying there was a [00:35:00] uniqueness that these guys are not the ones who manifest Sonship of God. But let's talk about what Sonship of God is. Because one of the things a lot of us Americans do today, Westerners do today, Is interpret son of God as a biological description, as though that's the point.

That's completely missing the point from what it was in ancient time. No, they were not so simple as to think of it as a biological thing. That's not what was being said at all. The word son of God meant God like in the Hebrew language. Uh, it was weak on adjectives. And so son of God was, you know, they'd say, for example, son of thunder, right?

Barnabas was the son of thunder, right? No, no, Barnabas was the son of consolation. Uh, John and his brother. Were the sons of Thunder. That meant thunderous. You know, he, Hebrew and Greek didn't have those, the adjective thunderous. And so someone would be son of Thunder, someone who was very consoling, like Barnabas [00:36:00] was son of consolation.

Um, in Matthew, in the, in the Sermon on the Mount, we, we see that we will be sons of God. Many people were sons of God, including the Roman empires. Um, and of course the Messiah was a son of God. But if you think about what sonship is, sonship is not something that is achieved. Sonship is personal. It's a personal relationship with something other than oneself.

Sonship is not accidental. It's essential. It's, it's, it's your essence. If you are a son, it is the essence of humor. It's part of your identity, right? Um, it's not something that is alterable. If I am a son or a daughter, I don't, I cannot become something other than that. Uh, I may deny the relationship, but that doesn't change the reality of that relationship.

And, um, and it's, it's interesting. There's a paradox in sonship. Sonship is something where [00:37:00] we are. Both equal and subordinate that is the same time we're equal to our father and mother and yet we are subordinate to them. So there is both an identity so we are identified in sonship and daughtership if you will.

We are identified with our parents there's an identity that we receive from them. And yet there is a difference from them and so when something is son of God, it is identified with God but yet there is a difference a distinction. Sonship entails privileges. You know, there is an intimacy. There's a special knowledge of God's will that the son has there is a special understanding of God's purposes.

And, and so there's a revelation from the father to the son that reveals God's purposes God's plans God's action. And so we say that Jesus is the truth we're saying that Jesus has a special knowledge of the father, such that he knows the truth he manifests the truth. [00:38:00] And the son is different from the father.

A son is sent by the father, right? So part of sonship is being sent by the father to act as the father's agent. And the son, a son, a true son is perfectly obedient. So when, when the, the tenant of the vineyard, you know, that we're going to talk about this week, um, Uh, again, some more, uh, actually we talked about last week, uh, happens, you know, you know, this, when, when you see the son, you see the father, the son speaks only for the father, the son doesn't have a word that is other than the father.

He's not distinction. He is a completely representative of the father. So when we say son of God, you see how much more. Deep, that is. It's not talking about biology at all, but it's talking about representation, identity, difference. And so we say Jesus is the son of God. We say that he is the son of God, not Caesar.

He is the one who reveals to us [00:39:00] what God wills for humanity, not Caesar, which was the primary competitor, uh, out there. Um, Let's then talk about, uh, the word, our Lord. Um, the word Lord has really four different meetings. Uh, one is when, you know, we speak of Lord, we say that, uh, we speak of absolute ownership.

God owns us. Uh, and, uh, and, and God ransoms us. We see in first Corinthians six, uh, verse 19 and 20. You know, where, you know, a slave pays money at the temple until enough is acquired for his freedom. So, uh, when you're freed, uh, uh, you become the property of God. All right. And, and so, so the property, if God, if you're property of God, then God is your Lord.

Uh, you have been redeemed and the one who redeemed you is your Lord. That's where the word Lord meets. He's our redeemer. In other words, uh, it also means Uh, that [00:40:00] God is our master. What God is the one we follow, or Jesus is the one we follow. Um, it also means that there's absolute royalty. Our Lord is one who is royal.

You know, you don't negotiate with Jesus. You don't, uh, uh, you know, compromise. with Jesus. You know, we're like a knight who have pledged to serve a king. Um, you know, we've given, uh, we say our Lord, we're giving like a soldier's oath of loyalty to Jesus saying, I will follow you. I will follow you in the way I'll do my best to stay right behind you.

You're the one who leads me into battle against, uh, you know, the evil. that would do me in. Um, and when we say he's our Lord, we also say that he is absolute deity, that, that, that, uh, that the son is the same as Yahweh, you know, with a distinction, but yet the same, you know, he's, he's the son of, so there's a distinction.

But yet he is still when we experience him, [00:41:00] we experience Yahweh. So Yahweh was another, you know, Lord was, you know, Yahweh is also the Lord. It's right. So, uh, that's what we mean when we say Lord. Um, uh, we also say that Jesus was conceived and born of a woman. You won't be surprised here. And this is one of the things, uh, you know, born of a virgin.

It actually says the word means young woman. Uh, it doesn't mean a woman who's not had sex, although that may have been true. You know, uh, that's not what the purpose of this saying was. I can, this, you know, I can't tell you whether we know how Jesus was conceived in the sense of biologics. That's something that, uh, that, that, uh, you know, we can argue about.

But what I can tell you is what was meant by this sentence in our creeds. Um, and the point was that Jesus. Well, it is. It wasn't about Jesus was born of a virgin. That wasn't an argument. The point was that Jesus was conceived and born in the same [00:42:00] way as you and me, in other words, he was human. So that's that when we say that you're basically saying that Jesus was born like you, and in quite simply the next one.

is that Jesus suffers like you. Uh, the Gnostics believe that God's could never suffer because God's didn't live within time and for you to suffer to suffer means to be changed. You know, if you suffer, you are different in time t plus one than time t minus one. You know, there's been a movement from. One state of being to another that, you know, if you suffer, you know, you are changed and, and the Gnostic said, well, you know, you know, if, if your deity, you can't change and therefore you can't suffer and see what we say, that's not true.

Jesus very much suffered in the same way that all men suffer. He was a real man. So we insist on the fact that Jesus was capable of suffering. Um, we insist that he also was crucified. That was denied. You know, [00:43:00] Jesus could not have been crucified because you can't crucify someone who is not, you know, who is, who is spirit, right?

He's only spirit, which is what the Gnostics were saying is, you know, Jesus actually historically in a moment of history suffered the terrible and shameful death that was inflicted on only slaves and non citizens by the Romans. It was a horrific death. Um, And, uh, we, we furthermore say that Jesus, uh, died and was buried just like you and me.

Uh, he was truly dead. It wasn't an apparition. He didn't pretend to be dead. He really was dead again. This was something that the Gnostic said could not have happened. Um, and, uh, he, so he suffered pain. and he died and he was buried. Now there's another thing that we say about Jesus that he descended in the, in the, the original creeds, it actually doesn't say descended to hell.

It says descended to Hades. That's a very important, uh, distinction. It's unfortunate that we have translated it into [00:44:00] hell because hell since Milton has become something that we imagine as some physical space, uh, where you have the devil, you know, you know, Milton brought in lost, but bought the devil in hell, you know, in Hades together, you know, but, but, but Hades was the resting place for the dead.

So, uh, our creedal statement in eight from ancient times was insisting that Jesus descended to the place where the dead rest. When they rest waiting for the resurrection. Right. And what this means is that Jesus, uh, and what was said in the, in the sermons from the original, you know, first couple hundred years, you know, is that Jesus expressed manifested solidarity, even with the dead.

He preached to the dead. One of them said, you know, so there is no one, no individual in history, no one who went before us, who has not been touched by the word, not been touched by the sun, with whom the sun has [00:45:00] not already manifested solidarity and oneness. That's what's being stated here when we say that Jesus descended to Hades.

If you look at the sermons from the first couple of centuries, that's all they were, that's all they said. Um, and, um, we then further say that Jesus rose, uh, now this is again, to, to, you know, that's a spatial language. We know that up and down is a false cosmetology. We know it's symbolic language that is saying that Jesus left the human scene to enter into life.

With God, any Jew, Jew would have seen it understood it as a reception of Jesus into the glory of God. So we say that Jesus rose where actually the creedal statements did not mean there in the first few hundred years that G that there was a spatial movement. Though there may have been one, but that's not what these creeds were saying.

That's not, that was not the point. The point was that Jesus [00:46:00] exited the human scene. And then if you want to know where Jesus is, well, he seated at the right hand of God, the father, which you were about to see. That's, that's, that's, that's what we're saying. He's exalted. That's his state. And so, uh, we, we say that he said he sits at the right of, of, of the father.

So the crucified one is the exalted one. He's the one who was vindicated. And so of all of the phases, it's clear that this one cannot be taking spatially or literally, you know, The word Hebrew, uh, the Hebrew word for sit means settled possession. It doesn't, it doesn't, it, it, it means that when something sits, there's a settled possession of, of that person on something.

Uh, and so the picture of the son taking his seat on the right hand of the father is the picture of Christ. entering into and having it firmly settled that he is the one who possesses the regal office of king of kings. [00:47:00] That's what we mean when we say that he sits at the right hand of the father. It's not a spatial metaphor.

It wasn't understood in the first century as a spatial metaphor. We are the ones who have, have applied that literalism and, uh, and, and said that, um, and then we say he will come to judge the quick and the dead, or he will come to judge, uh, uh, And what this is saying is, uh, well, first of all, I would say to you that Jesus always judges us.

That's the first thing, you know, in other words, every single time we come into the encounter with the word. The word judges us every time we listen to the gospel. You know, we are convicted. Hopefully if we take it seriously by Jesus's word speaking into our lives. And so that's where you've heard me the last few weeks.

Talk about judgment is one of the ways that we are saved. Judgment is salvation because of the judgment is like the sculptor sculpting us, you know, you know, chipping away all the things that are are not [00:48:00] good so that all that is left of us is the good that God desires. And so in that sense, Jesus judges us within our lives.

But when we say he will come to judge, we're talking about another judgment at the fulfillment of time. Uh, we will give an account of, of the lives that we have led. Uh, you know, Jesus will speak truth about the good in us and we'll speak truth. About the evil that we have done and that are part of us, the creativity that we have manifested in the, in the time that we wasted in being non creative, in other words, being destructive.

He will name those things because the only things that can enter into life. Eternal with God, uh, in after the resurrection at the fulfillment of time, you know, are those things that are worthy of God that are clean, that are holy, that are good, right? So the, when [00:49:00] we speak of judgment day, we're talking about a time in which whatever we have done in our lives that is not worthy.

Is no longer it is separated from us and all that remains is the good that Jesus sees in our lives and names and that's what's retained. And that's what is, uh, that is what is carried forward into our eternal relationship with God. Only that part of us that is good will enter eternal life, because evil cannot live with God.

And so that's when we talk about Judgment Day, we see that that's the role that Jesus will provide. A couple of other things that I'm going to run through. We say we believe in God, the Spirit. What does the Spirit do? Now, I could give you, you know, a whole semester of lectures on God, the Spirit. But one of the things that, uh, that the Spirit does is, is, uh, brings about the history of humanity and guides the history of humanity.

Uh, [00:50:00] Through the fellowship that the Spirit creates, where we carry on the way of love and live with each other for a particular mission, we are to carry on Christ's ministry in the world by living in fellowship with God and by living in fellowship with each other in a community of forgiveness. And the name we give to that fellowship is The Holy Catholic Church by that I'm not talking about the Roman Catholic Church or the Orthodox Church or any particular institution.

This has nothing to do with institutions, the Holy Catholic Church is, is the people set apart that's the word holy for purpose. a universal calling, that's the word Catholic, uh, and, and the word church is ecclesia, the people called out of the, of the world in order to live in the world for the world in this way of, of, uh, teaching the world how to live in fellowship.

So the holy Catholic church is the [00:51:00] set of people who have been called out to be set apart, to live in this way, in a way that they don't have to live. To make a choice in their freedom to live in a particular way, the way of love, um, and it's the same call that you have that I have, right? That's the holy Catholic church.

That's what we're saying. And that's what the spirit creates. That's what the spirit is creating. Um, the spirit also creates what we call this fellowship, the communion of saints. That word communion is the same word in Greek. It's koinonia. the koinonia of the saints of the brethren. Uh, and so the fellowship between you and I, uh, that is possible is created by the spirit.

You and I are different. The spirit has drawn us together to walk together, um, male and female, right? Well, that's that communion of saints. Now, the important point about this communion of saints that I would point out, um, is that the. The [00:52:00] communion of saints is not just across time. It's not just a communion, a fellowship that's created between you and I, Jeanne, and all those others who live at our same time.

The communion of saints is a fellowship with all those who've walked before us and all those who will walk after us. And so we're all gathered together at the celestial banquet, uh, in fellowship, accountable to each other. And so we are accountable to the saints that go before us for carrying on, uh, the, the creativity that they have manifested the goodness that they have manifested in our effort to learn how to love each other, uh, as God loves us.

And, uh, and so that's what this communion, this fellowship is, uh, the, the, you know, Paul talks also about the communion of saints in the terms of the fellowship of the koinonia of our suffering. So we, we, the communion of saints also means that we share in each other's sufferings so that we might, [00:53:00] uh, be able to, um, show the world what it means, uh, to live as one reconciled life.

Essential for that is something that's really hard to do. And that is the forgiveness of sins. One of the things that's hard for us to believe is that we are worthy of forgiveness. Well, we're not, but God chooses to forgive us, but sometimes it's really hard for us to accept that we have been accepted in spite of our unacceptability.

Let me say that again. Sometimes it is hard for us to accept. That we have been accepted in spite of our unacceptability. I would give you Victor Hugo's Les Miserables, where, you know, the, you know, the characters Javert and Valjean, you know, uh, one of them is incapable of believing in the forgiveness of sins.

You know, you know, this thing over here, this is a crime for which there cannot be forgiveness. You will always be [00:54:00] outside of my communion. You know, God does not love you, you know, well, to that, we say, we believe in the forgiveness of sins that the God has decided never to be except to be with you, Jeannie, that there's nothing that you can do ever that would separate you from God's love.

Um, and so when we say the forgiveness of sins, we're saying that's the characteristic of job of God, uh, that we proclaim, and it's a characteristic of job of God that we come to know through the acts of the Holy Spirit. And, um, then we talk about the resurrection of the body that's actually the topic this week in the sermon.

But what this is really saying is I was having a conversation with Sagina yesterday. Um, they her father died, and it was the third year we had the memorial of the third anniversary of his death. And one of the people said, you know, spoke about about about, um, their father having already been [00:55:00] resurrected.

And, and, uh, and I said this Gina yesterday, not it didn't interrupt the conversation. Well, that's not actually what our story says. Our story says that we. At the life after death that we experience is rest. We rest in the arms of Jesus. You know, not a spatial metaphor, but that we are we are one with Jesus.

We experienced relationship know that that life has changed but not ended right. But that's not saying that the life after death is the resurrection. No, the resurrection is the life that happens. After the life after death. It's the life after the life after death. In other words, it is the life that happens at the fulfillment of time.

So the resurrection is is the hope that we all Christians have. That's the Christian hope. And that's a time when that when we will Though we have been annihilated, though our bodies have been ripped apart by bombs and guns and diseases, we will be re embodied in some way that [00:56:00] we don't understand. It's incomprehensible to us, but at the fulfillment of time, we will be made whole and we will be, we will experience life.

you know, that continues with, with God resurrected. That doesn't mean simply resuscitated as, in other words, you become just a prettier version of Jeannie. It just means, you know, it means that you have been truly, you are, you have been recreated a new being, uh, you know, capable of living in the new Jerusalem.

And the last thing we say is this thing I've already mentioned is we speak of life eternal. We're talking about life. We say we believe that the Holy Spirit gives us life that transcends time that we believe that the Holy Spirit helps us to live in a life that transcends our finitude. In other words, we're capable of communicating and being in relationship with with with that which is incomprehensible to us which is beyond us, which is not part of the [00:57:00] created order.

God, um, you know, the maker, we're able to have relationship that does not end when our our biological bodies in. But, but, as I said, with, you know, death at death, life is changed. Not ended, it continues in re we continue in relationship with God. And that's what life is. Life everlasting means life. Life. The word life, the presumption that we have is that, uh, that what it means to live is to be in relationship, you know, so it, you know, to, to live is to be in relationship with God.

And so that relationship continues and therefore that life continues, even though our bodies, uh, die and we rest as we wait for the fulfillment of time. So who got through a lot? Was any of that helpful? New, confusing. Any questions? No, I think I think what it's done has given me quite a [00:58:00] richness. Um, you know, thinking about the prayer.

It's something we do often. So you can, you know, do it without thinking sometimes and it can become just, you know, a series of what we believe. But it's definitely more historical and interesting. grounding in that history because, uh, you can't get lost, right? There's people before you, people here now, and there'll be people after you.

And it's just kind of this huge sense of community. Yeah. Yeah. And there have been times when we have gone astray and gotten confused and the creeds are like, uh, Or ways that we say yes to certain things and no to others because those those no's actually are crucial to our identity, these claims. And so I think it's, I think the creed's beautiful.

Um, but, but yeah, it's important that we know our history and know that those were, those are every word in [00:59:00] it is there because of some battle that our ancestors fought. Over what it means to follow Jesus. Yeah. So, well, any, do you have any questions about any of it? Did I say anything that frightened you, scared you, confused you?

No. Praise the Lord. That's good. That's good. Well, then I will suggest that we gather next week. And next week, what I will do is seek to answer the question. So what does it mean to be an Anglican, uh, in Anglican, you know, to practice this Christianity, this creedal Christianity in a particularly Anglican way, and in an Episcopal Anglican, which is simply the American instantiation of the Anglican way.

And, uh, and then if you have any questions that arise during the week, email me, text me, uh, whatever. And I would be delighted to have, [01:00:00] to engage in that conversation with you. Great. Thank you. All right, Jeannie. I'll let you get back to work. Thank you for giving me your time. Well, thank you very much for yours.

All right. Blessings to you. Thank you. Bye.

