# Sermon 20220925

[00:00:00] We have a gospel lesson today that's familiar, well familiar to those of us here this morning. And, uh, one of the things I want to do today is dispense with my normal habit of breaking down the scripture. Because as I look before you, I know that this story of Lazarus about the rich man and Lazarus about the rich man who had the poor Lazarus.

Uh, living at right on the other side of his gate and of the rich man who was willfully blind to Lazarus's presence is well known to you. So rather than unpacking that gospel, I'd like to instead ask us to reflect on what it says to us today here in our time in America. And the questions I think it raises for us are twofold, actually [00:01:00] they're manyfold, but I'm going to summarize them as twofold.

First of all, who and where are our Lazaruses? And second of all, what causes us to be blind? How does our blindness to the presence of Lazarus function? How did, what are the mechanics of our blindness? So, the first question, who are our Lazaruses? Now, I've had several conversations with people who come from my background and I think my background is pretty important to our conversation in America in the sense that I represent a lot of the, of the, of the qualities of, you know, that are, uh, are responding and struggling in our response to questions of justice for the Lazaruses of our world.

I am a southerner. My, my great grandparents, uh, were born on, on a plantation and were slave owners. [00:02:00] Uh, we, we benefited from the, the wealth, the education that, uh, my forebears have benefited from the wealth of plantation cotton. And, uh, and so all of that legacy of the old South and of, of Uh, of, of King Cotton and Jim Crow is part of my heritage, part of my legacy, part of what shaped me.

And so I, this morning I want to speak to you as one of those persons who comes from that background. And so as we ask the question, who are our Lazaruses, I want to acknowledge that one of the answers that, uh, has arisen from the culture from which I come is we have no Lazaruses. And others might debate who are Lazarus's are I want to suggest to us this morning and rather postulate this morning that it's rather indisputable instead of arguing based on Um, identity groupings, et cetera.

Who is our Lazarus? I think we can simply [00:03:00] point to some data. There's a, a, a wonderful economist named Raj Chetty. And I'm going to ask you to remember this website. You can go and check the data that I'm going to cite by yourself. It's called opperties, opportunityinsights. org. And if you look for it, you'll find, uh, uh, a PDF there.

That is race underscore slides dot PDF. And it gives all of his data, and what's amazing is he has this very objective data that comes from our census and our tax data and other sources like that, that break down the truth about income mobility in our country at the, at the micro level, at a very small census tract level.

And what it shows is indisputably. That there are major gaps in terms of generational income mobility between Asians, whites, American [00:04:00] natives, and blacks in our society. Um, this is very objective data, and what I would encourage you to do is go to that website, plug in your zip code, and plug in the zip code of just about any other place in the, in America, and see how.

Uh, there are differences between whether or not someone was born where you live and whether they were lived in some other part of the country in terms of what their prospects for future prosperity are. You see this study is one of those intergenerational studies that tracks the, the income mobility from one generation to the other and what it shows.

Is that at the very bottom of, of the data, you see blacks and American natives have very poor income mobility. And this is significant. Whites and Asians, uh, have very high mobility. If we're born in poverty, we have the chance at the American [00:05:00] dream. Those who are American Natives or those who are Blacks don't have that same story.

The data doesn't show that. Hispanics have relatively high rates of upward mobility that increases income across the generations, but Blacks and Native Americans have much lower rates of upward mobility and there are persistent, persistent, pervasive gaps across the generations. So what I wanted to suggest to you today, Lazarus for us.

Is, and I'm going to get detailed here, Lazarus for us is a black American boy. And I mentioned boy because what's true for boys and girls in this stratum is, is different. Girls, black girls tend to have more upward mobility. It's the boys in particular who get stuck generation after generation. So where is Lazarus?

What I wanted to tell you is that, uh, we, [00:06:00] uh, are different than the parable that Jesus shows because Lazarus doesn't live at our gate. We've moved Lazarus away from our gate so we don't have to see him. Long ago, when I say we, I don't mean you and I, but our forebearers created structures in our society where folks could live in terms of laws and things like that, such that we have, we have a terrain that is very much segregated and we have neighborhoods.

That are, um, generation after generation, uh, places where people are, are trapped in, uh, the lowest income strata, where they don't have the, the possibilities, uh, the, uh, to, to, to, uh, to grow in their incomes over, over their lifetimes that are the same as the rest of us. So if we can't see Lazarus anymore, it's because Lazarus is entrapped in neighborhoods of great poverty, and here's the other part that the data shows.

There's two, two, two, uh, two [00:07:00] data points that really tell us where we could find Lazarus if we were to go seek him. It will be in the neighborhoods that have the lowest poverty rates and where there are very low densities of fathers present. Those two things determine whether or not a young black American boy will have the same opportunity that you and I have.

I think that's fascinating. I don't want to debate that for you. If you don't understand or don't believe what I'm saying, I, I point you to Raj Chetty's amazing data set. Because I wanted to instead move off of that and, uh, and suggest something else about it. To the extent that we don't see Lazarus in our land, and I'm talking particularly to Christians here this morning, it's because many Christians remain willfully blind like the rich man.

to the conditions that cause black boys to have almost non existent upward mobility. If they [00:08:00] begin their lives in the lowest income neighborhoods where few fathers are present, uh, they simply won't have the same opportunities that you and I have. Blindness though, to Lazarus, is a white Christian problem.

That might be shocking to you. It's shocking to me, and it's the reason I want to speak about it today with us all. You see, if you take a poll, and there have been many, many studies that have demonstrated the same results, when you go out and survey people about their attitudes towards policies that relieve people of these conditions that we see here, what we find is Black Christians support those policies that would relieve Lazarus of his woefulness.

White non Christians also support those policies aimed at, and the prioritization of policies aimed [00:09:00] at, relieving Lazarus of his sores, of his woefulness. But white Christians, in particular white Anglo Protestants like myself, People from my culture, my background, people who are highly educated, just like me, all over the United States though, not in the South, persistently do not support such policies.

We have to ask ourselves, why is that so? Why is that so?

Why are we white Christians blind to the Lazaruses who no longer live at our gates, but are now huddled in neighborhoods of intergenerational inherited poverty, inequality in their opportunities for the American dream. Now one answer that is often given that I want to challenge this morning may surprise you.

It's one that concerns me because I see this answer being given by both white [00:10:00] and black Christians in churches. And it is the one area I have found where I agree with much of what the governors of Texas and the governor of Florida say. And that has to do with the answer, one answer that is given is something known as critical race theory.

And it may be something you've been trained in, it may not, but I wanted to suggest to those of our fellow Christians who see that as an answer. That there are some good things, like anything else, there's some good things about the answers that this theory gives. And there are some things that are really challenging to embrace from a biblical perspective.

So what is critical race theory? The first thing I wanted to suggest to you is what is, what it is, is a legal theory. If we were to use it for what, for the gift that it was, it was something from the 70s or 80s, I don't remember the date, where a lawyer recognized in litigating claims for For job discrimination, uh, for [00:11:00] black females, you could use something called intersectionality.

You slice the data so you don't just look at females, you don't just look at blacks, you put them together and you take the intersection of them and then it becomes very clear that black females were being discriminated against in the workplace in the particular case that she was prosecuting. And from that grew this, that's the word theory, that's where the theory, it's a litigation theory.

But what it's evolved into is an ideology. And at the heart of it, though, is an intersectionality. And what I wanted to suggest to those of you who, who, suggest that that is an answer for us Christians, to, to solve and to give us eyes to see Lazarus. Well, I think you're talking about the wrong intersectionality.

If you're talking to us white Anglo Protestants, please don't begin with words like social justice. Many of us long ago learned, you see, to shut down our listening as soon as we heard those words because [00:12:00] we know that means we're about to get a lecture about how we white Anglo Protestants are the cause of the evils of the world.

And the problem with that is that we know we're good people. And that, and we also hear that and it doesn't make sense to us. So the, the kind of intersectionality that I think would be helpful to talk about is a different kind of intersectionality. It's the intersectionality that reminds us of our promises to be Jesus followers.

It reminds us where we are to live, that we are to live as much as possible at a particular address, the intersection of love and justice, that intersection is where our lives are true. When we are at that intersection, we know we are in truth at that moment. And remind us that Jesus didn't think of justice the way we Anglo Protestants usually do.[00:13:00] 

The way we've been enculturated to think of it. When we say justice, we think about law. We think about compliance with the law. We think about honoring the Constitution and bringing, uh, and being people who strive to obey the law. So if you say justice, that's how we parse that word. That's something that's constantly reinforced.

So remind us that Jesus taught us that justice is not merely compliance with the law. That was a big deal to Jesus, that point. Remind us of that though. But rather Jesus taught us that justice just is doing that act which in every moment enables us to live as reconciled people. To carry on when there's been a breach between us in reconciled life together.

And love is what drives us toward that. So if you're going to speak to us about intersectionality, [00:14:00] remind us of our promises to live at the place where love and justice and truth meet.

There's a professor of mine whom I love, Dean Willie Jennings, he was at Duke, he's now a professor of theology at Yale, and he said this, black bodies are the ever visible counterweight of a usually invisible white identity. So from, from, not from him, but in critical race theory, one of the words, one of the phrases that we often hear speaks whiteness and white privilege.

Now, Professor Jennings point that black bodies are ever visible, the ever visible counterweight of a usually invisible white identity may be true, but don't try to persuade us white Anglo Protestants by talking to us about what by your own [00:15:00] definition is invisible to us, and don't make us out to be people who hate persons of color, because most of us don't.

And more importantly, most of us know that deep in our hearts, we don't. Study after study shows that we Anglo Protestants hold warm feelings for our black friends. And most of us won't tolerate any sort of injustice towards our black neighbors that we actually see. So as soon as you talk to us about whiteness that's invisible, you shut down the conversation.

This morning I had a Facebook encounter with someone, he posted something, uh, there was a resistance to this, and the comment was, European colonial history in six words, is that yours? It's mine now. And the reply to this was, [00:16:00] that's human history. The Bushmen would say the same thing about the Bantu. The Persian about the Egyptian.

Most of the world, from the viewpoint of Genghis Khan, making all history about white Europeans is diametrically opposite of your call for truth in science. And this was, by one of my Annapolis friends, it's made sense. And this is, this response is part of our, my, my grouping, my white Anglo Protestant friends, this is our response when we hear things like whiteness.

So don't talk about, don't talk about that to us. But, but it's okay then, uh, to remind us, so, and help us to come to grips with our European history. Uh, how, how in our European history, um, we shaped, how our European history shaped the structures that we inherit, and, and the way our Anglo Protestant minds see the world and our place [00:17:00] in it.

One of the things that critical race theory does give us is a recollection that it was the Pope in the 1440s who gave Prince Henry the Navigator the right to colonize Africa and in that he made a correlation between the need for this, our mission to spread the gospel, our mission to call people into salvation and And a hierarchy of human value.

And so he made a, he made, he gave authorization to go spread the gospel and in the act of spreading the gospel, enslaving purposes for the persons of color for their own good. And if you don't know about this part of history, or you think this is something made up, this is very clear in the papal bulls.

You can read it for yourself. You can read the chronicles of Henry the Navigator. And there's all sorts of. of, [00:18:00] of places where we can read how our beginnings and from a European perspective helped caused us to make a connection between white persons at the high, at the, at the highest level of a hierarchy of human value and persons of color who are considered unredeemed and that our job was to make them more civilized and to help them to become Christian.

And the important point that is often made here, it, and that is important, is that that history is our history. That history shaped you and me. That history, even though we're not aware of it, shaped the structures that we inherited. They shaped how our laws were formed. They shaped how wealth was gathered.

And they created this hierarchy of human value that remains with us. And as I told my friend, yes, slavery is no more. But that, that mindset, that mental tool kit that, that presupposes a hierarchy of [00:19:00] human value is enshrined in the structures of our lives. It's enshrined in the way we see the world. And so we have to be made aware of it.

So remind us of that, but don't talk to us about something that's invisible. Like whiteness. Another thing. Help us to recognize when we Anglo Protestants fall into that habit of judging other American ideals by our Anglo Protestant culture, rather than judging other cultures by their ideals. For when we Anglo Protestant, when we use Anglo Protestant culture as the norm for all Americans.

Well, that leaves very little motivation for us to seek justice or even see the need for justice for those who are outside of our culture. And one last thing from a biblical perspective, this discussion of whiteness in blackness is very troubling for, [00:20:00] from a biblical perspective. It's an identitarian emphasis.

It reinforces the binary that services human commodification if it replicates the problem. In other words, no, no. Speak to us not of whiteness and blackness speak to us of Galatians 3 28 where Jesus reminds us that there is need, that there, that our very baptism means our, our, that the thing that binds us together is our commitment to follow Jesus's Lord.

It is not our Jewishness or our greekness, it's not our gender. It's not our wealth or our poverty. It is our mutual commitment to follow Jesus as the Lord of our lives. No, our baptism blows up our binaries. So don't seek common ground with other persons based on their color, on their shared blackness.

Because what does that mean? As many have noted, [00:21:00] Is one enslaved because one is black, or is one black because one is enslaved? Is one black because, is one Jim Crowed because one is black, or is one black because one has been Jim Crowed? And the answer of that rhetorical question is, I hope, obvious. It's because we have been commodified.

That's, that's what gives this, this uh, that's what reinforces this notion of a, a, a hierarchy of human value. Uh, don't reinforce that binary by making your common bond with other blacks or other persons of color your non whiteness, because that replicates our defective cultural wiring. Instead, bond with others, bond with all on the basis of that you have both been bound, you have both been shaped by the [00:22:00] suffering that we call exclusion.

Bond with others because of your mutual sharing in the suffering of commodification. That's what real racism is. It's being excluded, being seen as a non human. It's being seen by others as someone who does not matter, who's who in your particularity means nothing. So bear witness to us that the sin of racism doesn't consist merely of personal animus based on skin color, but is present whenever we create or sustain our structures that commodify and therefore exclude others.

from the opportunities that we cherish ourselves because that's what we white Anglo Protestants are doing. We're excluding others from the opportunities we cherish for ourselves and when you speak of whiteness or blackness, you're, you're justifying what we're doing. Don't justify what we're doing. We need you to speak truth to us [00:23:00] and you do that by pointing to how we commodify you.

Not by speaking of color.

I wanted to invite us to remember this call that Jesus gives us. There's a purpose of this, this parable. Jesus is concluding a story, he's concluding an answer to the Pharisees, whose understanding of justice was based on law and compliance with the law. And they're challenging Jesus with the question, Why are you hanging out with all the wrong people?

And so, in answering them, he gives us the parable of the lost sheep, the parable of the lost coin, the parable of the two prodigal sons, and then he concludes that answer with this parable of the rich man and Lazarus. And to the Pharisees, he's very pointed. He talks about there is a [00:24:00] time before which you must act, or you will have the fate of the rich man, and that time is before you die.

So he comes back to the Pharisees and says, repent, all of you who think justice merely is compliance with the law, and is not doing that which constitutes and brings to possibility reconciled life.

Willie Jennings said something beautiful, and in closing, I want to leave you with a prayer that's been on my lips all week. It's informed by Dean Jennings words, and it's what I would invite us all to do. Let us yearn together for a politics that hates not each other, but hates exclusion, that hates dehumanization.

that hates commodification, [00:25:00] because only then does our politics align with the politics of Jesus. Let's yearn together for a vision of Christian identity that's not based on our color, but that is compelling and attractive, that embodies not just the cunning of reason, But the power, the power of love that constantly gestures towards, that's constantly striving for joining each other, moving towards the desire to hear and to know and to embrace each other.

Let's yearn for that kind of world, that kind of Christian identity. In the name of the Father and of the Son and the Holy Spirit, Amen. Okay. Thank [00:26:00] you.

