## [20250326] Facebook Response
Craig Geevarghese-Uffman The clarification helps me, and I believe your framing of the MAGA movement back to a core populist move that at least goes back to another famous graduate, H Ross Perot who was the first to call out the fact that the government was not really supporting working Americans.
It is always challenging when you use a term such as MAGA and yet apply your own definition to confuse people. Branding is hard to change for better or for worse so using another term such as conservatives populism which in many ways describes a core element of the MAGA movement could allow you to address your theological points without directly tying it to the existing political movement in the US.
In general though, here are some points that I have considered as I have pondered my current faith and religious journey, and the broader elements of politics. They are not intended to be criticisms, but just points for you to consider.
1). Since the 1960’s, our US government has become more openly hostile to religion and faith. Much of the changes have been driven by democrats appointed to the courts and who have been elected who have taken religion out of schools and in many cases have mandated support for values opposed to organized religion (abortion, gay marriage, limited parental rights, etc). The current populist movement is clearly working to re-establish the balance between church and state. The constitution profits the establishment of a religion, but it also prohibits the Federal government from prohibiting the free expression of religion. The liberal courts have misinterpreted this to limit religion, and that has not been good for our society.
2). The government is not a path to salvation in any religion. People of faith need to stop thinking that how they vote (other than congressman themselves) may impact their relationship with God. The person who is calling their congressman to vote prolife, but refuses to discuss her prolife views with her neighbor is a hypocrite to me. If all of our neighbors were convinced that abortion is immoral, then abortion would be illegal. Same with immigration, taxes, or prayer in schools. People think that voting for some action like raising taxes or letting in more illegal immigrants gives them some credit with God are delusional. My sense is God is focused on what the individual is doing, more than how the individual is voting. Now each persons vote should reflect their values, but it is not the government’s job to change our values. It is our faith’s toke to change the values of our neighbors in how we live our lives. Stop looking to the government to solve all the problems. Populist conservatives only want the government to stop creating the problems, and not be an obstacle on our faith journey.
3). As a Catholic, the Pope’s focus on climate change and social Justice is ridiculous. These actions actually hurt the church and confuse the faithful. Now, the Pope as the Head of a Country could consider himself a political leader as well as a faith leader, but his position on political issues has done nothing to help provide clarity on the best path to heaven. It is dangerous as on the days of Jesus when church leaders worry more about worldly issues than eternal ones.
4). Faith and morality are used by politicians to manipulate people. The attacks on President Trump as a rapist or as immoral are intended to manipulate the weak minded. Look at immorality of JFK, MLK, or many other democrat or liberal leaders. When I see any consistency in the positions of democrats, then I will believe they are sincere. Let the first among us without sin cast the first stone.
The current MAGA movement is driven by a realization that the people in DC have worked to enrich themselves, and have not really cared about the American worker. Their actions (Republican and Democrat) have been to grow their power and control over us, while telling us how to live our lives. The State has become the real Church of the left, and the States support of the poor is not intended to help lift them out of poverty but to control them. Our public schools have become indoctrination centers for leftist idiology while actual education in reading, writing, math, and science has become a secondary objectives. Our government has taxed Americans to pay for the world’s healthcare, education, and military defense, while just telling US workers to just work harder. The US has lowered tariffs on foreign products allowing American jobs to be lost while we allow other countries to tariffs our goods. We allow tens of millions of unvetted illegal immigrants to cut the line, break the law, and poor into our country so that they will become a future voting base for the democrat party. If these illegals were voting Republican, the democrats would have built a hundred foot electric wall with an alligator most to keep illegals out. The government release dangerous criminals repeatedly back on the streets, while calling Catholics domestic terrorist for resisting their proabortion policies.
I am surprised that any Christian or moderate American is a democrat given their actions but there is always another side to the story.
Hope sharing my thoughts can help you better understand that there are good people on both sides.
Context: Naval Academy alumni, initial post about book project

## [DATE] Substack Comment
[Paste raw comment]
Context: Response to Lexicon entry on Christianism