# GMT20211026-141323_Recording_1280x720

[00:00:00] [00:01:00] Okay. Good morning. Good morning, Jeannie. How are you? I'm doing well. How are you? I'm doing okay. Do you have any questions that have arisen since we spoke last week? No, not yet. All right. Um, we will, I just want to remind you that the plan is on the 7th and we'll give next, next time we talk, I'll be in Virginia, I expect.

[00:02:00] Oh, yeah. And, uh, I will, uh, go over, you know, you know that what the service is then. So my hope is today we can, uh, cover, uh, a lot of ground and I, I need to be, I need to run, uh, you know, uh, you know, stay on schedule. 'cause I gotta go out, drive out to the church and we're gonna be installing high speed, uh, wifi.

So. I'm going to go ahead and share my screen. And today, the goal is to give you a sense of the things that make the Episcopal Church distinctive. And I think that The best way to do that is to go back and give you a little bit of church history. That's the way I've always approached it for me to figure out what, because I didn't come to the Episcopal church either.

Uh, as someone brought up in it, I came, I went and [00:03:00] actually went to Duke, uh, Divinity School, uh, Duke University. Uh, in order to become a Methodist minister. And while studying, made the decision to convert to Anglicanism. I'm a rare breed that I was not in any way attracted to the Episcopal church. I was attracted to Anglicanism, of which the Episcopal Church is a part, the Anglican Communion, we'll talk about that, and what it stood for theologically, in the particular fact that it is a global church, like the Roman Catholic Church is, and not simply an American church with a corporate model.

And so I converted to that, and then as a By product of that, I had to be Episcopalian at the time. So, and everyone else you talk to will tell you, yeah, I went to an Episcopal church and their worship was so beautiful. Cause I love the smell, the smells and bells. I love the high church stuff and all that.

Well, for me. I actually, uh, was allergic [00:04:00] to that kind of high church stuff. Uh, uh, and I, I, uh, after my first three days of doing it, I ended up in my professor's office and I can't do this. Uh, so I didn't convert to that reason, but I, but, but God and God's infinite wisdom sent me to do my apprenticeship to a guy who self described as a liturgical Nazi.

Uh, meaning he was an absolute, uh, fundamentalist with regard to the liturgy. So he, he, he ended up being a Bishop and he's, he was the most far right Bishop that the Episcopal church had. Uh, and, and Barry, what we were going to talk about what it means to be high church and all that. Well, that's where I got trained because God thought it was funny.

You know, to see me get to break into highs every time I worshiped him. So, um, which was good because it helped me get over that. And now I can, I can, uh, I'm sort of ambidextrous. I can do either. Uh, I [00:05:00] have a native tongue, but I'm fluent in the high church stuff that we'll be talking about, but I've said some words and may give you some explanations actually that we'll get to as we go through this.

So, uh, are you able to see my screen? Yes, I am. All right. So what I'm going to do is walk you through, uh, uh, you know, a very brief primer on church history and the Episcopal church with the goal of, as we go, identifying key things that shaped us and made us, this is designed for you as someone who has most familiarity with the Roman Catholic church, um, as I understand it.

And so you will be able to, understand distinctive emphases. And I think that word emphases is the important things. I don't think there are things that are unique to really any of the churches because you find, uh, you know, great, you know, very strong evangelicalism within the Roman Catholic Church, for example.

But they, but we do, we can't identify emphases that make [00:06:00] Uh, them, you know, distinctive. And that's what I'll be trying to do today. So with that, I want to take you back to the beginning of the church, the book of Acts, Pentecost, Pentecost day, where they're the, uh, the people who would become known as the apostles were gathered with other disciples, uh, for morning prayer, uh, on that 40th day after Jesus is, um.

Um, rise, you know, uh, from East after Easter Sunday, you know, his, his raising being discovered to be the tomb, you know, being discovered to be empty. And on that day, uh, the act, the acts of the apostles records, uh, this wonderful movement in which the Holy spirit was given that Jesus had promised. Jesus said, and in his farewell discourse that I will send someone who will come alongside and, uh, and he will help you to know the truth.

and guide you through the time because there'll be many false prophets. It's all in the gospel of John chapter 14. [00:07:00] And so that's what happened in Acts of the Apostles chapter 2. We see that. And so the Holy Spirit came, the gift of the Holy Spirit came, and the, and then the Acts of the Apostles, it's real interesting, Luke wrote, The gospel of Luke and he wrote the Acts of the Apostles and they're really scholars.

We understand them as two, uh, volumes, volume one and volume two, where the first one is just described description of Jesus as ministry up through his, uh, his, his ascension. And, uh, volume two is the Acts of the Apostles, which tells, uh, the, the story of the creation of the church by the Holy Spirit and its movement, its explosive movement all the way to the center of the world, um, which was Rome, uh, symbolically.

And, uh, and the agent of that movement. was the Holy Spirit. So that's what the, and what you see is the, is the apostles have being able to do those same acts that Luke narrated, uh, Jesus doing in volume one, [00:08:00] there's a parallel, everything, every miracle Jesus did. You'll see in volume two, the apostles doing.

parallel types of acts, right? Um, you know, so he's, he's making a very clear message. So that, so what you see is the explosion of the church and the apostles go out and famously, you know, Paul went to Tarsus, uh, excuse me, Paul was from Tarsus. Paul went to, uh, what we would call Europe, particularly the Europe, uh, that begins at Turkey and goes all the way over.

To what we would recognize as Rome, uh, which was primarily where the Greek empire was. Um, and, uh, and some go even beyond this. Some people believe that Paul made trips to Spain, right? Uh, St. Thomas, um, went to as far as what we call India. And so the Indian Orthodox Church, from which my wife grew up, um, you know, Thomas is, is the one that who founded them, uh, by tradition.[00:09:00] 

And then John founded at least 10 different churches in 10 different cities and Mark founded many. And so they went all over the place, founding churches, right? Some of them ended up getting all the way over by the year 100 to the, the area that we would recognize today as, uh, as, uh, The countries in islands of Scotland, Ireland, Wales, uh, Cornwall, England, etc.

Britannia, as Rome called it. It was a province called Britannia. And, uh, so we know that by the year hundred they were there. And so what developed there was something that we call Celtic Christianity. Really important, um, I think if you value Roman Catholicism, as many do, because it's, it's ancient, it goes all the way back to the beginnings of Christianity.

That's a very important claim that, that Roman Catholic church makes about, you know, the Pope can trace his lineage back to the very, you know, [00:10:00] back to the, you know, theoretically they claim to Peter, right? Well, uh, Anglicanism, uh, claims our roots going back to that same period. all the way back to the first apostles who ultimately found their way and planted Christianity in the, in Britannia.

And the earliest certain historical evidence that we have of Christianity among the Britons is found in the writings of Tertullian and Origen. Uh, in the first years of the third century. So the two hundreds, uh, although the first communities that were Christian, uh, you know, certainly were established, you know, many decades earlier.

And so what we, we, we found were, was the development of Christianity goes way back and it has the same. lineage as Roman Christianity, uh, Roman Catholicism, the same, you know, period of time, uh, it's that ancient. Um, so the Roman legions departed from the province of [00:11:00] Britannia in 410 and the natives of the islands of Great Britain therefore were left to defend themselves, uh, defend themselves against the attacks that were coming from the pagan Saxons, the Saxons coming from the regions at UNI.

uh, understand as Germany, we call Germany today. Uh, and so after the, the, the Roman legions left, those pagan tribes settled in the southern parts of, uh, Britannia, uh, but western Britain, beyond the Anglo Saxon kingdoms, remained Christian. So what England ended up having is where London is and all that were pagan religions.

Uh, but, but where Christianity had planted to the West and to the North, that remained Christian. So remember that therefore, because of that, this British church Developed in an indigenous fashion that was, it ended up being influenced by both the western and eastern parts of the church. The reason [00:12:00] I say that is the western parts of church means what we now today call Roman Catholicism.

And the eastern part of the church was the Byzantine empire, which today is represented by The Russian Orthodox Church, the Indian Orthodox Church, the Bulgarian Orthodox Church, you know, all of those today that were, you know, that were, that stayed a part of, of that region, uh, influenced us too. So there was a commerce, if you will, between the British tribes.

And, uh, in both Rome and the eastern parts of the church. But because of the distance of the east and, and the, and the withdrawal of those Roman legions, uh, the church in the British Isles became more and more isolated from Rome, uh, so that a non Roman and a non eastern indigenous Christianity developed that is recognizably distinct.

In fact, some things that you would be familiar with. Didn't originate in Rome with Roman Christianity, uh, [00:13:00] or, or Orthodox Christianity. It actually originated with Celtic Christianity. And the one that I would name is if you've, you've heard certainly of penance and confession, right? That didn't come from Roman Christianity that came from Celtic Christianity.

And they sent missionaries from Celtic, from the British Isles. over into, to, uh, to, to as mission missionaries to Germany. Uh, and, and, uh, that then, uh, those practices filtered down and ultimately became absorbed by Roman Catholicism. Is that interesting? So the order of the church was centered in Celtic Christianity very differently.

It wasn't centered on, uh, big areas of commerce, uh, because those didn't exist in Britannia. It was centered instead on monasteries. And so it wasn't centered around bishops. They were much more tribal and had a much more relational form of order than a geographical order. [00:14:00] And there were a couple of other distinguishing characteristics that became important.

One was the, the They, they calculated, this was famous because it was a dispute, uh, they calculated the date of Easter differently and they, they, they had great fights with the Western church over the style of the concierge haircut that clerics wore. Um, So, Pope Gregory I decided to send missionaries to the British Isles in the year 596, and that was a very important year.

His purpose was to convert the Anglo Saxons to the Christian faith, not realizing that there was already a very robust Christianity already there. So 40 missionaries arrived, led by Augustine of Canterbury, we call him now, St. Augustine of Canterbury, and they began preaching the gospel. What really developed, however, was [00:15:00] a conflict, a conflict between the indigenous.

Celtic Christianity that was rooted in antiquity, uh, and that of the Western Church, which had become very standardized, very rules based and completely centered by, centered around a very powerful bishop who looked alike, a lot like something that hadn't developed yet in Western history, something we today call a king that hadn't developed yet.

Uh, and so the bishop looked an awful lot, had a lot of the powers like that in the Western Church. not at all in Celtic Christianity. And that tension is pretty important. You'll see in our story there, this resistance to a hierarchical, uh, governance, you know, has been historically part of Anglicanism. So eventually the conflict inherent in these two ways of Ordering their common life came to a head.

One of the main differences between the Celtic Christianity and the [00:16:00] Western, uh, Roman Christianity, and therefore a sense a, a a source of controversy, as I mentioned, was the calculation of, of Easter. So, uh, we don't need to get into it, but the, the important point is it turned out that the, the British developed a king and a queen who were married and, and, uh, one of them.

Uh, they got married in order to, to try to resolve the tensions. To resolve the conflict. So you, you had the queen, uh, uh, came from the Roman, uh, group. The king came from the Celtic group and they celebrated Easter on different methods, . So the royal family would be celebrating different, uh, Easter and lent differently.

Uh. And as I said, there were other things. So what happened is there was a council, a Senate at Whitby, um, in which they worked out the ideas of monks and bishops and, uh, Easter and all of this. And, and the important point of that is that, uh, decisions going [00:17:00] forward would no longer be based on indigeneity.

In other words, whether it was our historic way of doing things, But upon the Celtic church's decision that going forward, it would participate in the fellowship of the larger church. So it would come under and see itself as part of the Western church henceforth. And so Anglicanism became, it wasn't a thing yet.

But its roots, it became a part of the Western Church. It pivoted from this Celtic area into being a part of the Western Church in the year 596. Um, so the next thing I want to talk about that's very important to us, it's really crucial in understanding us. I'm sure you're familiar with monks and nuns and things.

Um, We have, uh, because of historical phenomena that we don't need to drill into. It turns out, you know, a bunch of, of, of, uh, orders of monasteries, you know, rose [00:18:00] up throughout the, through eat, throughout Egypt, throughout the Eastern church. And these were various styles. Of, uh, of leaving the, you know, the way the church was as they, the monks usually felt it had been contaminated.

It wasn't being the church the way it's supposed to be. And so they would leave and go off living in the desert. They were called the desert fathers. You may have heard of the desert fathers before. Uh, and they, those were. characterizes those forms of amongst were characterized. We'll just just say in different ways, very different ways than what ultimately happened under ST Benedict.

ST Benedict created an order that was much more, um it emphasized much more than other monasteries and in forms of being monks. Um, the role of the Holy Spirit, much more, uh, the emphasis of the Holy Spirit being in each one of us and, and the idea of us going and, and, uh, and seeking our own [00:19:00] salvation according to this Holy Spirit's movement in us while living within a community.

And so they developed St. Benedict's rule. And the idea is that you. Disciples should be corporately meaning being a part of the body and personally and regularly saturated in scripture through the practice of what's known as the threefold rule. Uh, St. Benedict's threefold rule was basically that you take Eucharist every Sunday.

Once a week you, you have, uh, that you practice, um, the daily office, uh, you know, in the, you know, in, in morning, you know, it wasn't the daily office in, in, in the Roman Catholic church and in the Anglican church originally. You know, every three hours you would be praised just like the Muslims do. That was part of the original Christian practice, right?

And so that was part of it. So you're being, you're being bathed in scripture and then daily devotion. So when you're not being bathed in scripture, you're, you're, [00:20:00] you're in your cell and you're, you're constantly contemplating the word and thereby. All of us together are capable of discerning through the Holy Spirit, because we all are being bathed in scripture at the same time there isn't this, there isn't this dichotomy in which the priests are the experts.

There wasn't this professionalization of it. We're all constantly saying the Psalms, every single one of us would go through the Psalms, the entire Psalter for example within the Benedictine Order. once a week. So, so we, you would, you'd go through every one of them, 149 of them in one week's time and study.

And so the ultimate authority, uh, was, uh, was that scripture was the ultimate authority, uh, by which the community of faith discerned and was formed by God's will. Uh, but it established a very important principle that discernment is communal, not Individual. So Anglicanism, you know, inherited [00:21:00] this. So I want to emphasize that it comes from the Benedict.

So it's in Roman Catholicism. We still today, Anglicans have the order of St. Benedict. We still have monks and nuns, uh, within Anglicanism who are Benedictine. Um, but the, but the characteristic that I want to point out is that authority and protection against the perils. of dogmatic abstraction, uh, for Anglicans lay in the practices and in the order and in the duties of the entire community of faith that is regularly bathed in scripture.

If we're not regularly bathed in scripture, it all falls apart. Right. But that's the assumption. And I say that because I get a lot of people who now tell me, well, you're the priest, you're supposed to be bathed in scripture, not me. And I say, well, that ain't Anglicanism. Right. Um, and the other point is that because of our Benedictine appreciation of freedom, disciples [00:22:00] within Anglicanism have very broad discretion, uh, that is bounded by our mutual subjection to our communal reading of scripture, meaning that, uh, we, we, you know, we're, we're, we're not in each other's face.

There is no Pope. This is going to go back way to their beginning roots that you have broad discretion, but you, but you, but you, we agree to be bound by our communal understanding of what scripture tells us to do. We believe that none of us can read scripture well. by ourselves, right? Um, so let's fast forward and talk about the Reformation.

It came in England in a different way than it did on the European continent. The Reformation in Europe took a decidedly, uh, much decidedly more Protestant turn. The, the attitude of the Continental Reformers was that unless warrant for, uh, a given [00:23:00] Proposal could be found explicitly in the scriptures.

Such practice was not to be allowed. You know, if it's not in scripture, thou shalt not do it. Right. And so a whole bunch of things got thrown out. Uh, so if you look, you know, there in England, there was what they call the stripping of the altars. Uh, you know, when the protestants led where were many things, you know, for example, The Eucharist as you and I know it, uh, and in the way that the way that, uh, uh, you'll see Roman Catholics dressed and the way they decorate their churches.

You know, all of those things were thrown out in the Reformation by Protestant reformers. Uh, but particularly Uh, the, the, the ancient ordering of bishops, priests and deacons was thrown out because, because the reformers felt that they couldn't see the basis of that first in scripture. Now, we would say that, yes, you can, you just have to read scripture correctly and know your, know your Greek better.

But, but, but they, but that was what they did. So as [00:24:00] a result, most Protestants don't have all of those orders, particularly bishops. Um, but we, we do. Um, and they, they also developed a different on the, on the continent, developed a different understanding of Holy Communion. Uh, and they abandoned any use of vestments in worships or Protestant churches as a result of Reformation were much more Spartan, uh, afraid of, fearful of idolatry through all of those things.

And they understand. Uh, the Eucharist in a different way. So transcend, uh, um, if you're familiar with the notion of the real presence of Christ in the Eucharist and in the sacraments, well, that is one of the areas where the, where the reformation developed a different understanding. Now, let me just cut to the chase and answer a question you might, might arise later.

We Anglicans definitely affirm and, uh, you know, the real presence of Christ in the Eucharist and in all the sacraments. Um, and it, [00:25:00] we don't understand it quite in the same way, uh, that, uh, Roman Catholic liturgy does, but we, But we agree to say with the Roman Catholics, it's a mystery. We're not going to battle over exactly how Christ is present.

The important point is that we believe that he isn't, he is present and that the Eucharist is essential to the formation of the church. So that's a little bit of background on the reformation. So, as I said, the, it took, uh, in England, the reformation took a less Protestant in, in a much more reformed.

Catholic turn. So that phrase that so that's really where we are today. Reformed Catholicism. So I always correct people who from Roman Catholic Church and say, they say, Oh, aren't you Catholic? I'm gonna say, Yeah, I'm Catholic. They say, I thought you were Episcopal. No, no, I said, Yeah, I am. And they say, Well, but I thought you said, you're Catholic.

I said, I am. Well, how can that be? We're I'm Catholic. I said, Yeah, me too. What you're missing is the adjective and we've dropped the adjective. The adjective Roman describes, you know, a [00:26:00] particularly Western way of being Catholic, you know, Anglican or reformed is another adjective that describes a particular way of being Catholic, being the universal church.

So we are, we understand ourselves to be reformed Catholicism. So we learned from the reformation, um, and the English reformers. saw themselves as, uh, unlike the, the German and Swiss, uh, driven, uh, Reformation, the English Reformation, those reformers understood themselves to be maintaining and the desirability of maintaining this unbroken continuity.

With the ancient church. So practices which the church had adopted, uh, would be permitted unless such practices could be found to be explicitly forbidden in scripture. Do you see how it's different approach? If it's not, if it's not said, do this, you know, the European said, if it's not said, do this, then you, then you're not even allowed to do it.

Right. [00:27:00] Uh, which is where you get, by the way, you get the, uh, radical reformers such that where we see like the Mennonites, you know, you know, who. The Amish, you know, you, if it doesn't say in scripture to drive a car, you don't drive a car, right? That kind of thing. So, so in, in, in English, England, they took the approach of, uh, it, it, you don't reject them.

So we continue to have the role and embrace the role of bishops and deacons and priests. We continue to embrace the significance and the mystery of Holy communion. Rather than the what we call the Zwinglian view of the Eucharist, uh, but that the continental reformers had and we, we affirm something, this is a very important distinction relative to Presbyterians and, uh, in particular in Baptist and all of their related.

fragments. We continue to affirm the authority of the bishop more than [00:28:00] Presbyterial authority, meaning more than the body of the laity. We continued to maintain an ordering that was was, uh, On the basis of, of, of a bishop. So that, and we, that we agree with the Roman Catholic church with, you know, the one saying is where the bishop is there, you find the church, the cathedral.

The cathedral. We have cathedrals, right? Even in, in Anglicanism as well. Uh, and this, that goes back to that. Um, but we, we did reject certain what we considered to be unbiblical practices, uh, such as purgatory. works of superrogation, the mass in Latin, and so on. So those things were thrown out in the English Reformation.

Uh, and of course, the, the church in England rejected the authority of Rome completely over the order of its common life. And it rejected many things that it considered to be abuses and errors that crept into the church. [00:29:00] Uh, it didn't disavow its continuity from the, Church Catholic from the days of the Apostles.

Uh, and it shows not unlike the Protestants who rose in Germany and Switzerland, it shows not isolate itself from the historical continuity and the biblically acceptable practices. Of the ancient and medieval church. So there's continuity that we trace going all the way back to Celtic Christianity that we still claim.

So in joining the Episcopal church, you're joining a church that we would say is an apostolic church. We chase our roots just as Roman Catholic church does to Peter. We trace our roots all the way back to the apostles as well. For some people, that's important. So you ever had a bloody Mary before? Uh, one.

Bloody Mary is named after Queen Mary. Uh, and she was bloody because she massacred all sorts of English reformers. [00:30:00] Uh, uh, she caused, uh, a refinement, let's just call it of the, of the Reformation in England. So she wanted a complete rejection. of the Protestant Reformation, and she abolished all, you know, all these things that her father, King Henry, did, um, uh, and, and that her, that her, that her, uh, brother, Edward VI did, um, all sorts of religious laws, uh, and, and they repealed, uh, all sorts of Reformation, uh, laws, uh, that the two previous kings had done.

It was a very short reign. But it was marked it was important because it was marked by the persecution of all of those who were the leading reformers in England. And so they ended up going in exile and where do they go in exile, the place that was friendly to them they wouldn't exile in Switzerland and particularly in Frankfurt and other parts of we now call Germany, and so they were shaped even more profoundly by the [00:31:00] Reformation and Reformation ways as a result.

So. 800 people left. So Queen Mary didn't last long, Elizabeth I, Queen Elizabeth I succeeded her and, uh, though she rejected, uh, the more extreme prostate reviews that those people in exile when they came back, uh, began to push, she, uh, required a Um, a settlement stone is the Elizabethan settlement in which we figured out what it meant to be, uh, the church of England.

Um, many of the Protestants who returned from exile when Elizabeth came to the throne brought with them, you know, Protestant views that were thoroughly formed in Switzerland and Germany. And so, uh, the, you know, the Elizabethan settlement, uh, abolished jurisdiction in England. of any foreign prince, person, prelate, state, or potentate, etc.

And it imposed an oath on [00:32:00] all ecclesiastical and lay officials acknowledging, not the pope, but Elizabeth as the supreme head and supreme governor of the church and state. And so the, so in, so Anglicanism became the Church of England and, and it was real interesting. You have, first of all, a female being the head of the church, right?

But, but what you have is this merger of the nation of church and state, uh, that is unlike you see in other places. You do see it in some places like in Russian Orthodoxy, et cetera. So basically the monarch took over the church in terms of being the supreme head and allows and points the bishops. Uh, um, so, um, That, you know, that was, that was one of the things that did come from the, from the reforms, but she did allow, uh, the, the, and maintained, uh, you know, Catholic practices, Roman Catholic practices, such as vestments, such as [00:33:00] kneeling to receive Holy communion, making the sign of the cross, you probably see that I do that all the time.

Uh, and she refused to allow. Persecution of the Roman Catholics who let, who, who, who lived in, in the realm. And so you developed this understanding with an anglicanism of a great tolerance, an open tent. Uh, so you don't have to believe in the same, the church's way. You're still. part of the family, even if you choose to practice it.

So she allowed dissent. And that's why, uh, here in the United States, you can trace back to Queen Elizabeth's tolerance. Her view of tolerance actually had an act called the act of tolerance. Um, you can trace the lineage of American Baptists, Southern Baptists, the Methodists, and, and all the like. Uh, the Presbyterians who, who all d who are all derivative of the Church of England.

Every one of those came from the Church of England. And it, and it arose because of this attitude that's within Anglicanism of, of the Holy Spirit [00:34:00] being in each one of us and all of us working out our salvation. Going back to those Benedictine roots, well that allowed dissenters to dissent. Um, and, uh, and it developed, you know, it led to then the creation of all those fragments.

So one thing that is real, uh, really important to, uh, Anglicanism is how we discern, uh, what God's will is together. I've already shared with you that our understanding, our, you know, the premise that we have is that we discern communally, not individually. So what we don't tend to believe is private judgment.

In other words, the idea that I can say, you know, God is with me and I think I might be, uh, the next Messiah coming, or I might be, uh, going to, you know, create this new innovative way of being the church. And, uh, everybody should start, you know, from now on, uh, doing the Eucharist with, uh, Salsa. Uh, and, uh, and tortilla chips, [00:35:00] you know, they're just throwing something out, right?

Uh, So in other words, we don't, you know, I can't individually do that. I am. I am subject to the communal norming, but with a lot of space in that, um, and, and how do we go about that? If you, if that's If that's your premise, uh, what are the ways in which we discern together? And so the thing that we developed in the guy, I'm a, I'm a scholar and a guy named Richard Hooker was the one who articulated this in his works around 1600.

Um, and we, we understand that, uh, that, that the way there are three pillars of the way we discern together, uh, From, you know, first, we've maintained the authority of Scripture and this idea that we all are to be bathed in it. We also recognize the authority of the traditions that those who have gone before us, uh, have passed on to us, and recognize that those things that were good for them are likely going to be good for [00:36:00] us.

And so those things are respected as authoritative. But with always a reformed and always reforming attitude. So we're dialectical in challenging and being willing to challenge the traditions that are passed down to us and recognizing that God speaks in each and every generation, but we respect them.

So they, they have an enormous amount of way. So it's a big deal to overthrow one of those traditions, but it's, it's one of our main pillars. And the other one is what we call reason. And the reason. Um, is the act of the Holy Spirit in each one of us helping us to discern in those cases in which scripture and tradition don't speak really well.

Uh, they don't speak into our moment. Uh, and, and so, first of all, I want to say reason, we say you speak of reason, we're not talking about something that is an alternative to the Holy Spirit. We're talking, we're talking about using, um, logic. Using [00:37:00] our minds to think together collaboratively, uh, in a dialectical way, uh, so that we are led to new understandings.

And so classic example of the use of reason where scriptured, uh, is. Does not give us a lot of guidance has to do with, uh, in my lifetime, the vocational possibilities for gay persons. Um, where we discerned something that was completely different than the tradition and then the rest of the rest of the, uh, church, uh, has discerned.

And so we went on a different path there and we were able to do that because of our understanding of scripture, tradition, and the reason as the ways that we. discern communally together. So that's important. And that helps you understand how we're governed in a very different way than Roman Catholicism.

We have a polity here in the United States that is, um, very, very different than [00:38:00] the church of England. And very different than Roman Catholicism. You're familiar with Roman Catholicism with a Pope and, and bishops that are, it is very, very strongly that way. Our, our governance, uh, the birth of the Episcopal church was 1784.

And you'll remember that we approved our us constitution in 1789, after the revolutionary war. Uh, we recognized we can no longer be a church that pledges allegiance to the head of the church being King George. And so we gathered together and decided, well, we're going to need to be a new church still, you know, that is the heir to the church of England in the United States.

And how do we, how are we going to be the church? And so, and so we had a constitutional convention at the same time. Interestingly enough, most of the people that were at our constitutional convention, forming the Episcopal church. We're also at the U. S. Constitutional Convention, and it's no wonder that we legislatively did very similar things.

And so, [00:39:00] uh, we formed parallel houses just as there's a Senate House of Senate. And just as there is a, you know, a house of representatives that is that is to reflect the the people, we have a house of bishops and a house of lay delegates, or a house of delegates actually, uh, and those two govern together.

And so one of the ways that we discern together is, uh, and I'm simplifying this is both houses have to pass something just like in the United States Congress. Right now, we don't have a, you know, a judiciary, uh, and we don't have a president. Uh, at least we hadn't had anything even close to a president.

We've never had an archbishop or anything like that in the Episcopal Church. Uh, but it wasn't until the 1950s that we started having Someone who's known as the presiding bishop, they were always just whoever the senior bishop was who had the power of convening all the bishops together, right? They'd get the gavel, but they [00:40:00] couldn't dictate to other bishops what they were going to do.

Well, to a certain extent, that's how we are. We, all bishops in the Episcopal church are equal in rank. There is no ranking of them. Uh, we do have someone who is the presiding bishop, that's the name, not archbishop, and Bishop Curry. does not have the authority to, uh, to, uh, unilaterally, uh, discipline, uh, you know, any other Bishop.

He has some powers that I won't get into that make it different, but it's very different than the Bishop of Rome in that regard. Um, now that's a bit about background. Now, I just want to mention some trends that happened, uh, that, that began to us. So in the United States, we had a populist movement that threw off Kings.

We had a populist movement that also threw up bishops at the same time. They said, you know, you know, uh, you know, those, those two things happened together, the great awakening, you know, this notion that the Holy Spirit is in each of us gave [00:41:00] rise to the birth of evangelicalism and a different, you know, a different form of piety.

Uh, uh, that, uh, that was very much more Protestant. Uh, and, uh, it, it, it became very strong. particularly in the mid Atlantic and southern states. Uh, for reasons I won't get into, we had, uh, the notion of what's known as low church ways, low church views that developed from evangelicalism, where they had a low view of the role of the bishop, the authority and the power of the bishop.

So local churches were much more autonomous in the way they went about being the church. Whereas in because of some historical anomalies in the north in New England, uh, and then subsequently throughout the upper north, um, there was a way of doing church, which was much more driven [00:42:00] by bishops and that's called high church.

So low church for us has to do with your view. of the authority of the bishop, low church and high church. You'll hear laity use it in a different way nowadays, uh, for something I'm going to explain later. Uh, but, but, but high church has means, means a very strong bishops, you know, bishops And then a resistance to that that is a much more populist movement and it came from the rise of evangelicalism.

The counter to that was the rise of anglo catholicism in the 1870s after our civil war. There was an anglo catholic movement, it began before that, it began actually in the 1840s, but it got really strong in Uh, in the, in the periods, uh, you know, up and through the antebellum period, up and through the civil war.

Um, and this was a movement throughout the Episcopal church to recover. It also, uh, you know, was strong in England called the Oxford movement. And it was an effort to recover things [00:43:00] that Protestantism had thrown out practices. So we recovered, um. Uh, particularly the use of vestments. We recovered the practice of, uh, high, uh, not a high, but, but the use of, uh, very ornate worship.

So we brought back smells and bells worship. Many of the things that the Roman Catholics did. uh, in their form of worship that had been de emphasized. We went back and said, these are part of our origins. This is part of who we have been. And there was a group of, of within the church who said, we need to differentiate from the Baptist and the Methodist.

who were exploding in growth by being more Roman Catholic, being more like the Roman Catholics. And so they, that became a very strong movement in the Episcopal church, particularly through the 1920s and thirties. And so what you end up having in the Episcopal church, uh, are these. These two primary tensions, [00:44:00] an Anglo Catholic and an Evangelical tension that are always sort of duking it out.

And we have a third one that arose in the 1930s that we call Broad Church. And the Broad Church, you would probably recognize, I would probably put myself in that. And that's the persons who say, you know what, what a silly argument. You know, it's a much more liberal. And it's a much more, uh, social gospel based movement and that, that says, you know what, instead of arguing about whether we wear vestments and put candles on our altars, or whether we make them our, our churches, our, our innate, we should be talking about how we're going to feed the poor, right?

And, and that is a, and, and so we have another group that, uh, has much more resemblance to Methodism in particular. Um, That is called Broad Church, and that's where I would locate myself, and that's where I would locate St. Stephen's. You know, if you notice, we have a very casual form of worship. Uh, [00:45:00] you would find that in Rome.

It's very similar, I think, you would find in what's known as a Vatican II Roman Catholic parish, you know, that was swept by very similar movements in the 1960s and 70s. Um, so we have our governance. Uh, our, our legislative body is called general convention. Um, and general convention meets every three years.

Um, all bishops, as I said, are members of the house of bishops and the house of deputy is made of equal numbers of clergy and laity. Um, And, uh, the, the, uh, we have what's known as an executive council that governs in the intervening years between, you know, between, uh, our every three year general convention.

Um, the, um, uh, decisions that happen at general convention are made by joint concurrence of the house of deputies and the house of bishops. Uh, now you ought to know this, [00:46:00] that there are 109 diocese in the Episcopal Church, and we have three regional areas such as Haiti and Europe and a few others, uh, that have their own bishops.

Uh, and so we are an international church, not just an American church. Um, so. In the 1910 1911 and actually prior to that. Let me go back in the 1870s we there was a huge historical dominant document for us is what's known as the Chicago quadrilateral. And what this was was a document that was negotiated that.

That defined whether or not we could be in full communion and restore communion with other parishes, uh, excuse me, with other Protestant or other bodies, other Christian bodies. And so, uh, the Episcopal Church actually. led, it was the first church of, of the mainstream churches to develop an emphasis [00:47:00] on ecumenism.

In other words, restoring and healing the fragments of the Reformation so that, so that Presbyterians and Methodists and Moravians and Lutherans and Roman Catholics could just You know, the, you know, be post denominational, just be Christian and forget about our family fights and somehow come together that began in the 18 seventies, but it got really strong in the 19 tens and it was led by Episcopalians.

Primarily you grew out of this, the World Council of Churches and other types of global movements. But the net result of this is that in the 19 sixties, we began negotiations to restore full communion with the Roman Catholic Church, and we've reached agreement on just about every single point except for two.

The vocational possibilities for females and the vocational possibilities for gay persons. But we've agreed on [00:48:00] all the things that broke us apart at the Reformation. So the Reformation is over. The Roman Catholics have conceded the point of Luther of Martin Luther. And so they share with us the understanding Uh, that we are, um, justified by faith, not by the pope's whims.

And, uh, they concede that and, and so there's no more battle. So we have been upgraded by the Roman Catholic church. We're no longer, uh, heathen. Which we were before 1966. We are, we are now, um, separated brethren, our new rank in the eyes of the Roman Catholic Church. So they, they, for, they for the first time acknowledge us as the church and very famously the Archbishop of Canterbury, who's the head of the Anglican Communion and the Bishop of Rome, the Pope, uh, met and then meet regularly now and have a, you know, strong relationships.

Uh, we're not in full communion. But we're in very comfortable communion. And for example, when I [00:49:00] did my, uh, training, my discernment as a priest, I did it at a Roman Catholic seminary. They, they, they gave me space and I, I did my retreat there with my bishop. Uh, so there's, there's a lot of work that we do together, but we are in full communion as Episcopalians with the Lutheran church, with the Moravian church.

uh, with the Methodist in Presbyterian churches. And so I have, uh, each of those pastors can preside at an Episcopal table. Uh, so it, so it's really a movement, a very strong movement, and I am radically ecumenical, right? Uh, even more than a lot of Episcopal. priest. Uh, so, so the, the liturgy, the words, the liturgy we use in our church actually are not coming from our Episcopal book of common prayer like they are in almost every Episcopal church.

I use words that, uh, are done by an ecumenical group of. Lutherans, Presbyterians, Methodists, and Episcopalians, and a [00:50:00] few others who agreed on language. And so they, and so that's the language that I use in the liturgy. It's so close to the Book of Common Prayer. And you ought to probably recognize it's very close to the Roman Catholic rites as well.

So. The last thing I want to mention, uh, is where we are today. Um, so conventions in the 19 fifties and sixties tended to ignore general conventions that has tended to ignore the pressure that was happening in the United States from from women to, uh to claim their rightful space in the workplace in all avenues of life, and in particular, to demand ordination to as deacons and priests in the church.

In 1907, the general convention agreed that women would be ordained to the diaconate. So we had women deacons in 1970. In 1974, 11 women, [00:51:00] uh, presented themselves for ordination to, uh, bishops, a few bishops in Philadelphia, and they very famously Um, were ordained by these bishops to the priesthood. It's known as an irregular, uh, ordination because those bishops had not been au, uh, authorized to do that.

And so the house of bishops said that the ordinations were invalid and that the 11 women were de uh, deacons, but their bishops recognized them. So that was in 74. Well, two years later, uh, the general convention met. And they recognized those ordinations. And so they were recognized, uh, and women were, uh, recognized in 1976 for ordination, both to the priesthood and to the bishopric and to the Episcopate.

And so, uh, we had our first woman Bishop in 1989, um, Bishop, uh, Barbara Harris and, uh, and she's died recently, but, but ever since then, and we, and we had in [00:52:00] the last decade, uh, Catherine Shorey. Catherine Jeffords sure it was the first woman to be our presiding bishop. She's the only woman in the world with an Anglican communion to be the head of, um, of any of the Anglican provinces.

And as you know, in a parallel way, we, uh, had a very similar battle, a civil war that, uh, that shaped me profoundly in, uh, all the way through 2006, uh, for me. And until 2015, we were at war over the same question about ordaining, um, um, uh, gay persons to the Episcopate. Uh, and ultimately, uh, we, uh, we did, uh, and we shocked the world by, ordaining, uh, Gene Robinson, the first gay, uh, openly gay man to be, uh, ordained a bishop.

And of course, now that's, uh, as part of, of not just the Episcopal's, uh, Episcopal Church's polity, but [00:53:00] it's part of, uh, you know, the United States Supreme Court decision about how we are to see ourselves in the United States. And so we've come a long way. in the last 50 years in those ways. And so that, uh, gives you a sense of how we became who we are.

I hope you then see all of these little emphases in our worship. Um, lots of room for you to think on your own, you know, you know, we, Episcopalians pride ourselves, we're not going to tell you how to think. So you'll notice, I will talk about political things from the pulpit, uh, a lot, but, but, but I'm not going to tell you how to vote.

You know, I will ask it. I'll suggest the questions and ways you might think about questions. And that's very different than many Protestant churches. And it's very different than the Roman church today, who's saying that, you know, some of them are saying we're not going to give communion to the president United States because he's in favor of abortion, right?

That that would be [00:54:00] absolutely impossible in the Episcopal Church. Because of our understanding of. Of, uh, uh, we, we discerned collectively together, but we recognize all of us are sinners and so none of us are able to say to, you know, you know, to, to do that kind of thing. So we're not gonna tell you how to vote.

We believe that the Holy Spirit acts when we communally discern together. And the voting, the voting booth is one of the ways we do that. So let me pause there. We have, uh, more time left and see what there, if I've generated any. particular questions. Or if you have questions that are more concrete about how we worship or what we do, what's okay to do or anything like that.

Any other differences between your historic practices and what you and what we do in the Episcopal Church? I don't think I have any questions right now. I think I definitely will think on this for the week. Um, It was great though. It was a very good, um, history of the church that, [00:55:00] um, I had never received.

So thank you. Good. Good. Do you notice any of those subtle differences? Definitely. Definitely. Like, um, like growing, like, uh, when, when we got married, I got married in a Catholic church in the, um, The church that I worshiped in while I was in college, it was a college church because that was important to me, but we didn't have communion because it was important for me not to exclude people.

And that's kind of one of the major differences that I see between the Episcopal and the Roman Catholic Church is that differences aren't celebrated, they're more like excluded. Um, it was interesting when you were talking about, um, how we are the same, though, because when I was growing up, they always said, Well, if you're Catholic and you're on vacation and you can't find a Catholic church, then you're allowed to go to an Episcopal church or a visiting Catholic church.

And then it counted because of, of what we believed in. Being the [00:56:00] same. And I really like then, you know, from the Episcopal standpoint, then you can go and worship, um, as a, as a Methodist or a Lutheran minister, because I feel like it's so, so broad, right? Because we all have the same goal. Right. In fact, in the Episcopal church, uh, it wouldn't be just that, uh, there's, so there's a distinction between what I said and you going on vacation.

What I said is those pastors can actually preside at an Episcopal. church at the table at the Eucharist, right? Um, but, but, but, but if you were to say, I'm going to go to a Baptist church, I'm gonna go to Browncroft community church, and I want to take communion there. I would say to you, Oh, Jeannie absolutely take communion at that.

at that non denominational church, don't, you know, we believe that that's a valid Eucharist and wouldn't suggest otherwise, but we wouldn't invite their pastor to preside at an Episcopal table [00:57:00] because we're going to, right. Because, because there is a difference between us, but it's not a difference that you in your own private devotions should be concerned about.

That makes sense. That's a good distinction.

Any other differences that you've noticed or commonalities?

I didn't notice that, um, probably because you bless yourself. I do as well. I didn't realize that that was less of an Episcopal tradition. No, it's actually, um, whether you do it. So it's really, I'm going to give you a correction to that. Um, uh, whether or not you do that kind of thing depends on whether you grew up in or whether you are, you, you attach yourselves to, uh, a low church or [00:58:00] broad church kind of approach or a high church.

And so you can go to high church, Episcopal churches where everybody is doing that, right? And we have, you'll notice Steve Burrows and others will also. So that, that actually has to do with the piety of your, of your local Episcopal church. It has to do with this. this origins and some of them were in the mid atlantic states and were more influenced by evangelical rather than the anglo catholic movement.

Did you know that I do confession? No, I did, I did notice, um, that, um, the first episcopal, um, place I went to, um, I think it was by request. And, um, what I've liked about the service is there's, there seems to be a confessional prayer every mass, whereas, um, with the Roman Catholic Church, it's like every holiday you're supposed to go, right?

There's a, there's a corporate confession before any Eucharist. Um, and, uh, with the [00:59:00] exceptions of during Eastertide, we take a break from that. And it's, it's, it's part, it's a liturgical emphasis on the resurrection, uh, that it's where it's not penitent during the celebration that, you know, that is Eastertide.

Um, but. Uh, that's different than it than private. So we don't call it we don't call what Romans call confession. We don't call it that. We call it the right of reconciliation. And so you and I could meet privately, uh, and we do the right of reconciliation, and that has nothing to do with whether or not you can commune.

That's a really important distinction between Protestant and reformed Catholicism and Roman Catholicism. Your confession. Uh, prior to communion has nothing to do. Whatsoever with your coming to the table. Um, it's an, it's a, it is a pastoral act for us, uh, design, you know, it's, it's sort of a [01:00:00] psychotherapeutic act, if you will, you know, when I say pastoral, and so it's your election.

Now I, at this parish don't emphasize it because I emphasized it once and I had no takers, but at my previous place, every Easter and Christmas tide, I would have. Uh, one or two people who would take advantage of that. So I want to let you know about that. Uh, it's really helpful if you're having, you know, for example, marital or whatever issues.

Sometimes that's a really helpful pastoral, but that's why I mentioned it. Anything else in terms of things you've noticed or appreciate or wonder about? You can think later about this as well.

Um, I really appreciated when we did the, um, The blessing of the bathroom, the, uh mm-hmm . Transgender. Yes. Yes. Yeah.

Yeah. We have, we have, uh, that's a practice that you probably [01:01:00] wouldn't find in a more Protestant church , but in Episcopal churches, uh, we do consecrate spaces. Mm-hmm . Uh, so, so you, you know, I have done. Um, you said you wouldn't see this, but I have actually done, um, you know, do a lot of house blessings, uh, bless cars, I bless a lot of blankets.

And I, I have, I have, uh, done. Um, you know, rights in which I do, you know, cleansings, if you will, spiritual cleansings, um, of, of persons, you know, where there's a, there, there are, there are special rights by which we help to free them from, uh, what they would, what they're experiencing and would name as demonic possession.

So we have those same types of, of, of pastoral possibilities within the Episcopal church. They're just rarely, they're not common knowledge. [01:02:00] Yeah. Whereas in other parts of the Anglican Communion, they're just regular parts of the common life. Okay. So like in Asia, you know, uh, very, very common to do an exorcism in Asia.

I've only done an exorcism once here and it's based upon, you know, the, you know, cause cause here in the America, we have a different way of understanding and thinking about, uh, Um, what it means to be possessed, right? And so we have other ways of healing that,

um, and an exorcism is a right. And it's basically, it's just a prayer, right? It's, it's, it's not a, it's not a magical thing at all. All it is, is a prayer that the Holy Spirit, uh, cleanse this place, et cetera. It's not, it's not actually, uh, any sort of magical thing. Uh, but it does, it provides healing for persons who need it.

So I'm telling, I'm mentioning that only as a way of, of letting, you know, we have the whole breadth of sacramental and [01:03:00] liturgical practices, even though you don't see them at St. Stephen's. So if any occur to you, let me know. And in terms of baptism, we baptize infants and we baptize adults and teenagers.

I would tell you, uh, that, uh, the optimum time for someone to be baptized is about 16 to 25 in terms of, uh, of the likelihood of them continuing on the Christian journey, uh, for the long duration. And so my. preference is not to do infant baptism, but do some other celebration of the infant. But, but the Episcopal church does infant baptism and almost everybody gets baptized as children.

Anything else? Oh, I think. Not that I can think of right now. No. Okay. Well, I really appreciate the time that you've given me this morning. Uh, if you think [01:04:00] of anything, shoot me an email or I'll be happy to respond either in writing or first have another call. But let's plan on next Tuesday gathering. And we're going to talk about the confirmation service and, and, uh, all that that will entail and any, and answer any questions that you might have about what, what that moment means.

And, and, uh, and what you can, you know, what you would like to do afterwards. Uh, I'm just, I'm excited to, to walk with you and, and to help you in any way on your journey so that you, um, really feel the presence of God in your life, uh, strengthening you, which is what the word confirmed means. Thank you.

That's uh, that's uh, I appreciate your time and instructing me and, and walking this path with me. Good. All right. Well, then I will let you go and I'm going to head out to the, to the church right now, in fact. And, uh, and I will see you next Tuesday at 1015 from Virginia. Oh, [01:05:00] wonderful. I hope you have safe travels.

Thank you so much. Blessings. Thank you.

