# Sermon 20221002

[00:00:00] Good morning to you. This morning, I appreciated that our lectionary brought us these readings from, uh, limitations because one of the things that we the church need to practice is the art of lamenting. It's hard to appreciate the heights of grace. If you if we can't name the depths of our lament and lament at the right time.

But that's not the only reason. Our two lessons from limitations remind me of what happens when we encounter the prophetic word of God. The limitations are associated with the prophet Jeremiah. And what Jeremiah reminds us sometimes is that it's dangerous to preach the word. As prophets from Jeremiah to Martin Luther King have discovered, sometimes [00:01:00] people react violently to the word of God.

They tried to intimidate with messaging like stay in your lane preacher. Sometimes they get mad and simply block their ears against what the word says. A few weeks ago, a preacher friend of mine was preaching about the prophet, uh, about the prophet Jeremiah, just as, as we spoke about Jeremiah at the same time.

And as part of that, he wandered aloud, why Christians are not in full lament. As we gaze upon the political theater, uh, theater surrounding immigration. Surrounding, uh, our struggles to agree on how to control our borders. And particularly he focused on the, the act of separating children from their parents.

And abusing nameless legal asylum seekers, uh, as pawns. And he described that behavior as cruel. [00:02:00] He mentioned that along the way that Jesus isn't an American, wasn't an American, and then he mentioned that Jesus wasn't a Christian either. After worship, a few of his outraged wealthier parishioners took him aside and said, one, that's the damnedest thing I've ever heard.

How can you say Jesus was a Jew? How can you say that Jesus was a Jew? Well, last week, we remembered the, that Jew, Jesus, telling us, teaching us the parable of the rich man and Lazarus. Uh, and one of the things that I suggested in answering the question, well, who is our Lazarus? Is that Jesus is a poor black American boy.

And I then asked the question, why can't us white Anglo Protestants see and [00:03:00] yearn to help Lazarus when black Christians and white non-Christians can? And I unpacked last week why a particular answer to that question I think is unfounded critical race theory. And I suggested to you that it's a, an insufficient and unbiblical explanation of our blindness.

This morning, in what I consider to be part two of that conversation, I wanted to offer an alternative suggestion that we didn't have time to talk about last week. Uh, an explanation to our blindness to Lazarus. And it rises from this question, how can you say that Jesus was a Jew? Now, from experience, I know that if someone asks me that question, In the context of a discussion about immigration, I can predict what their answers would be to some other questions that I would quickly ask them diagnostically.[00:04:00] 

Should America be a Christian nation? Are these brown immigrants that you're upset about part of a plot to displace white Anglo Protestants from their rightful place as the dominant power in our country? Did God make America great so that we can bring freedom and democracy to the rest of the world?

You see, someone who asks, how can you call Jesus a Jew is highly likely to score at the top of the index. They're going to answer these questions in such a way that they're going to score at the top of an index that shows us how much we are infected with what I'm going to name as a virus. It's called Christian nationalism.

We've spoken about it before, but those questions help us to determine where someone scores on this spectrum of belief. They, they, and someone asked me that question. I know when I answer those, ask those other questions, they're going to peg the meter from [00:05:00] experience. That's what I know from experience that also leads me back to Lazarus.

For I'm convinced that the reason that we white Anglo Protestants are blind to Lazarus when black Christians and white non Christians are not is because we white Anglo Protestant preachers, us, us Christian leaders, those who are, who are called to the church to teach have too often over many, many decades taught an idolatrous form, a form of Christianity called Christian nationalism.

So today, I'd like to reveal to you the recipe of our secret sauce, seven steps on how to create a Christian nationalist, and I'm doing this so that you will hold me accountable. I'm going to tell you, if you ever hear me teaching you these things or, or not challenging you when you say these things that I'm not doing my job and anyone out there who's listening online, I hope you'll.

You'll hear these things and hold your teachers and your preachers accountable as well, [00:06:00] and it begins with that question How can you call Jesus a Jew? Well, the first ingredient in our secret sauce is something called supersessionism it's also called for those of you who have a little bit of a recollection of church history the Marcionite heresy Many folks I know will tell me I'm not anti semitic Lots of my friends are Jews and my cousin married one.

Well that's good. I want to be very clear that that's not what's being said here when we speak of supersession. Supersessionism. It's a very different thing than this anxiety about Jesus Jewish identity. You see, like I spoke about last week, Europe, us in America, in our Anglo Protestant culture, have made a theological move with regard to the Jews.

If you recall, who were the chosen people in the, [00:07:00] in scripture? The Jews. The Jews were called in scripture to be a people who would live in a particular way such that all the world would be drawn into the love of God and into fellowship with God. And in the telling, and we talked about this in last week's sermon about the 15th century, we began to tell that story in a different way.

And as we tell the story, what we did is we displaced the Jews from that story and we named ourselves, and in this case, the Europeans as the new chosen people. The Jews became the Gentiles. The Jews, we just simply did a reversal. We displaced the Jews in our telling, and now the Europeans became the Gentiles.

the people through whom God was working. In other words, the Christians, the church. The church were Europeans for the most part of the time. Right? And so the church became the one through whom God was working, and the Jews were displaced. And that's what's known as the Marcionite heresy. Uh, it goes way, way back, and it's a perennial [00:08:00] weed in, in, in Christian history.

Um, and so what this means is that Europe and America constitute the people, uh, that God has called and all others are seen as Gentiles, particularly Muslims. And, and Jews are seen in the place of the Gentiles. But not only that. Last week we talked about, I'm not going to go over today, uh, but that, that hierarchy of value that was, was developed by Henry the Navigator.

So I, I urged you to listen to the sermon last week to get the details of this. The bottom line is we, we conceived of a hierarchy of value in terms of people's ability to hear the gospel. And whether or not they were one of us, and so not just the Jews and the Muslims, but others who reminded us of them by their skin color, we understood to be the Gentiles to whom we were called.

Now, let's be clear in what you're to remind me of, if ever you hear me preaching this stuff. Say, Craig, didn't you teach us about [00:09:00] Romans 11? Didn't you teach us where, where Paul reminded when we had a very similar controversy at the church at Rome, that no, the Jews are the chosen people. They are the elect of God.

They are part of the olive tree into which Jesus has grafted us. And so what we get as we think about the, about Israel and who has the mission of Israel, it is the Jews. And Jesus has simply brought us Gentiles who follow us, us Jesus followers along him. And so now Israel equals those people who are born into that mission by the virtue of being Jews, like my, my son in law and us who have promised to be Jesus followers.

We all now share that common mission, Israel equals the Jews and the church working together for this mission. So remind me of that if I ever forget. That's not all we did. If you notice, when we talked about this hierarchy of human value, what we did is we put ourselves [00:10:00] As, as, as, uh, we named ourselves as a people who possess the gospel and who possess a particular set of characteristics that make us virtuous of the gospel.

And we looked upon the rest of the world as Gentiles, and we said, let's fulfill the Great Commission. And so we went to all the lands. We were motivated and drove to all the lands to bring the gospel to the others who were not like us and did not have this gospel and in so doing, and this is the subtle thing I want you to remind me of.

We adopted a posture of evaluation. In other words, a pedagogical posture. If you've ever been a teacher and been with a student, you know what it's mean. If you've ever been an older brother, an older sister talking to a little brother, you know what this is like. I'm the one who's teaching you geometry.

You don't know anything. Let me teach you. Let me teach you what it means to be a person of God. I have it, you don't. And so what we did is we got this, this habit, we created [00:11:00] over centuries this habit, this homogenizing habit in which we were in the superior position pedagogically. And this is what we have done for centuries and this is how we were inspired to do our colonizing.

And this is how we justified it. We had the capacity to recognize when someone was being rational, when someone was being godly. And we had the authority to correct them when they were not. And we justified our violence on that basis. This homogenizing habit, this hierarchy of human value that says, we possess the gospel and we can assess the extent to which other cultures comply with it.

Remind me of that. Another thing that's fascinating to me is to recognize that as we went about this, there was a substitution. Of something that we've, that's really tragically lost for us. And that is this notion of a place based identity. [00:12:00] One of the things that when I went off to grad school, I remember is my mother sobbing when I left Baton Rouge.

My sister in law sobbing and telling me that I was going to lose something great, something of great value. Because they lived in Baton Rouge their entire lives and they were embedded there. And their identity was constituted by their place. And Sejean and I are hopefully soon go back into the Adirondacks and hike and she's gonna sit on this ledge, and I know she will, and she could sit there for hours, I'll have to pull her off, and she will just experience the Word of God.

She will connect with the land. She will hear God's Word in the land, and not just any land, but the land in which we live. And our identity is so caught up naturally in our relationship to the rocks, to the rivers in which we grew up. For me, it was Jones Creek in Baton Rouge where I crawfished. It was part of who I was.

What happened as we were colonizing is we, we made a pivot in our understanding of what identity [00:13:00] means. And we stripped this place based identity away. And we said this was no longer the source of our identity. And we got in the habit of understanding that identity was something that was portable.

Identity is something that goes with our bodies. And therefore your identity, I can see with knowing, by knowing very little about you. I just need to know a few things and one of them is Your colorness, your identity is associated with something no longer the place, but your body and more in particular, your body's utility.

What you are is not about your relationships to the land and to the circles of intimacies that you, that you create with other creatures, including humans. Rather, your identity is based on what you produce. And the value of that prod, that produce in an exchange network. That's what slavery did to us. [00:14:00] And I'm talking about us white people.

That's what we did to ourselves. We lost this connection and we embrace this connection where what matters to us, how we determine another person's value is on what they can do for us. And so we hear this in our, you think about the family relationships you have where you hear daughters say, I want to exit this marriage because I'm not getting what I expected out of it.

I'm going to exit this partnership because it's not giving me what I need. This utility based sense of identity rather than a connectedness that is more permanent. We did that to ourselves. If you ever hear me talking in that way of utility based identity, I can't help it because I was brought up with it and so were you.

Remind me that when I do that, I am contributing to our blindness with regard to Lazarus. Another thing that we do, that I was very much brought [00:15:00] up with in my Methodist church down here in Baton Rouge, was this notion of individual salvation. We took a portion of, of Paul's writings and we made that the entire gospel.

As though the gospel consists of a story in which God did something, we'll call it Jesus, and as a result of that, we are saved! And all you gotta do is agree with that, and you're done, you're a member of the club. I mean, that's what I heard growing up. There were more religious words than that, but it was reduced to that.

But it became a story, the gospel became a story about me and my salvation. And I, I grew up, and I've heard many of you, uh, tell stories about how people come up to the altar and they'll say that this, my faith is a private thing. It's an individual thing. We've been taught that. No! Remind me, remind me, remind me, no!

Our faith is a communal thing. It's about what, how God is. I'm going us, and this salvation is something where God has called us to be [00:16:00] certain things to each other so that God can act through others so that others can be Christ to us when we most need them. We most need Christ in our presence, right? It is a communal thing.

And our story isn't about God saying, let me save Jim. No, it's a, it's a story about God saying, let me reconcile all of my creation back to myself. I'm going to act. So I'm going to call the people and they will live in such a way with me. And all the world will learn by their model, how to live with me and with each other.

And that's the way I'm reconciling the whole world. So it's not something as small as little old me, my salvation, it's something magnificent. God acting to call us to be human in spite of our inhumane characteristics and it's a communal thing.

There's another thing that's difficult to explain. One theologian called it adoptionism. [00:17:00] We often see this in the form of what I'm going to call a primitive biblicism. It's the idea that scripture is reduced to law. Rather than testifying to the reality of the living God here and now, Christianity, you know, becomes something without the real presence.

Rather than seeing Jesus as the second Adam, seeing Jesus as the recapitulation of Israel, Jesus is stripped of his history. He isn't a Jew. And he's stripped of any real role in our lives other than being the name we give to the one who died to save us from our sins. We don't have to know Jesus, we just need to know the fact that he saved us and we're done.

We learned that in Sunday school, don't need to go back. So after you've been baptized, Jesus has no ongoing role in your life. That's a problem, but this is what we teach. [00:18:00] This is what we teach in the church. I mentioned last week Willie Jennings, one of my professors, and one of the things he I love. God's history with us.

It's missing. There's no Israel. There's no Jesus. There are no apostles. There's no material struggle. There's no divine walking through time, walking through space, real concrete space. It's called Gnosticism. We become a Gnosticized church. Whenever we strip the concrete blood and guts of Jesus out of our story, we fall into this state.

Heresy called Gnosticism. Rather than saying, this is where I want you to hold me accountable, congratulations, your baptism means you have Jesus's spirit within you and Jesus's spirit will guide us all as we walk together on this journey of transformation that we [00:19:00] call the way of love. And along this walk we expect our lives not to be made perfect but to be turned upside down.

We expect to be crucified along the way as we are transformed by the renewing of our minds because Jesus is The divine one who walks with us. Jesus is also the one who's carrying forward Israel's election through us and he's carried us forward along with many very unique peoples quite different from us different places different voices different ways of being that are like ours It's still bound in a holy way to that Jewish Jesus, always announcing in their place, oh, by their creek, by their rocks, by their mountains, by their oceans, that God is with us, different from us.

We have nothing to teach them.[00:20:00] 

The sixth ingredient is something that I call liberalism on steroids. This is something of an American invention, or a Western invention. Uh, and, and it's interesting, I'm calling liberalism on steroids, but, but here in the United States, a lot of people have taken to call this conservatism. But it's not.

It's not conservative. It is classic liberalism, you know, injected with steroids, so it becomes everything about your identity. And what I'm referring to is this idea It's in contrast with the Bible that our highest value is freedom. Our highest value is freedom and it's understood, freedom that is, is understood as the liberty to construct our lives independent of each other, independently of each other.

It's in contrast with the claim that I would make that our highest value is love and the love is [00:21:00] met at the intersection of justice and truth. And the way we recognize it is by following Jesus. Freedom allows us to do that, is what the Bible tells us. It's a means to that grace. But no, this liberalism on steroids teaches us that freedom is the highest value and it doesn't mean anything I just said, but rather means what I was taught to say, what I've often said in my life, that freedom means nobody can mess with me.

Freedom means I am independent of you. And it's too bad if things happen to you, but that's not my business. It's not my business. Our highest value is freedom, and we all, by law, have equal opportunities. So any disparities in our outcomes are due primarily to your individual choices. Primarily to your lack of merit.

To your lack of hard work. And let's be honest. Speaking on this steroid induced liberalism, [00:22:00] any disparities are due to your non Anglo habits of lawlessness, poor planning, and refusal to invest in your own education. Going back to one of the earlier ones, pay attention, and we white Anglo Protestants can teach that to you.

Look at us. Be like us. Be more like us. Those people, and I put quotations and marks, those people, our fellow Americans, should just get their acts together. This is what someone actually texted me this week after my sermon in Lazarus. He told me, no Craig, you mentioned two things that caused that black American boy to be trapped in poverty.

You said the fact that he was born in a place of generational, the lowest generational poverty in, in the United States, or the highest rate of poverty in the United States, [00:23:00] and the lack of fathers. You were right on one and wrong on the other. The problem is the lack of fathers. If those guys, if those people just get their act together and have good fathers, then the problem will be solved.

It's not my business.

If ever I fail to remind you that freedom is not our highest value, that freedom is deliverance. Freedom biblically is our deliverance across the Red Sea so that we can be who God called us to be. That that's what freedom is and its purpose is not for us to construct our lives, it's for us to receive the identity that God has already given us.

As humans call to love one another according to the pattern that Jesus teaches us along the way of love. And the last thing, the last ingredient that we sift in here. It's something that I'm going to name as the Protestant work ethic. If you are faithful, you will prosper. Came straight from Geneva. We can name them.

This thing came from [00:24:00] Geneva, Switzerland, and the Protestants there early on, and we've kept it as part of our Protestantism. If you are faithful, you will prosper. If you don't prosper, that reveals that you're not faithful. It's your choice not to be faithful that's causing your lack of prosperity. So, these are the seven ingredients.

I'm guilty of them all, somewhere over the course of my life. I ask you to hold me accountable for them. I ask you to hold your teachers and your pastors, wherever you go, accountable for them. What we do is we take these seven ingredients, we toss them together with a little spice and a little olive oil, and what you will not get is a culture that is overtly anti Semitic.

But a people who simultaneously love their Jewish friends, but are upset to learn that Jesus was a Jew. Who love their friends of color and believe and say and insist that the [00:25:00] law should be colorblind, but who are willfully blind to the plight of a poor American black boy, born into the poorest neighborhoods.

And the lowest density of fathers, a boy who begins life already behind all the other boys who share his birth year. What you get is a people blind to the reality that Lazarus truthfully can't pull himself up by his bootstraps. Blind to the fact that because of the neighborhood into which he was born, Lazarus will have larger teacher pupil ratios, poor technology, less enriching extracurricular activities, less programs for the gifted and talented.

A people who are willfully blind to the reality that Lazarus will get less reward for the same effort as our own children. Will get less in economic terms, less marginal utility for each hour he invests in education. A people [00:26:00] willfully blind to the fact that Lazarus has to work much harder than our children just to keep up.

Just. To keep up, let alone to close the gap that's accumulated over generation, after generation, after generation. What you get with our secret sauce is a people willfully blind to the fact that we've created and sustained an uneven playing field that denies Lazarus the same opportunity for the American dream that our children enjoy.

You mix these seven ingredients together. And what you get are good people, well meaning people, people who are not personally bigoted and will get mad if you say they are. And they try hard not to be bigoted. People who want the best for their children and think other parents problems and our broader social issues are [00:27:00] not theirs to solve.

They're willfully blind to the fate of Lazarus. Why? Well,

let me just say a word about responsibility and the distinction between guilt and responsibility. I was thinking of the Jacksonville Jaguars. My son and I talk about them a bit quite a lot as an example of a lot of things. But if you know a little bit about football, you know, the Jacksonville Jaguars as a football team have been something of an abomination over the last few years.

My point is this though, a new crew came in, they drafted new players, new, new, new coach, and, uh, and, uh, and they've tried to instill a new culture. So, the question before them is, are you responsible for what happened before? And the answer, I mean, are you guilty of what happened before? And the answer is, no, you're not guilty of, of the embarrassment that have been the Jacksonville Jaguars, [00:28:00] but you are responsible for what happens from now on.

A better example closer to home, imagine that you are part of an executive team who have been recruited to take over from a company that has been convicted of dumping toxic waste into a river. Are you guilty of having dumped toxic waste in the river? Was it your watch where that happened? Well, no. But you own the responsibility for cleaning up the mess.

And that's where I would suggest we are. So I'm saying that we are willfully blind to the fate of Lazarus. Why? Not because we are bad people. Not because we are bigots. Not because that we are mostly evangelical. Not because we are white. No. Because we church leaders. [00:29:00] have turned us into Christian nationalists.

We've taught an erroneous and imperializing form of Christianity that can't grasp why it's essential to our own transformation that we celebrate that Jesus is a Jew. The good news is that there is a cure. But that's another conversation. Another day for now, let's give thanks that the Holy Spirit empowers us as we read in limitations three this morning, the Holy Spirit empowers us to name our blindness, to lament and that God sent a Jewish Jesus to teach us how to see in

the name of the father and of the son and the Holy Spirit. [00:30:00] Amen.

