# Sermon 20220918

[00:00:00] Brothers and sisters, if you looked at your news sources this morning, you might have come across a headline like we saw in the New York Times this morning, which said that there is a crisis coming, a crisis here in America. Um, I'd have to say this is not news to us. I have been preaching relentlessly over the last several months about topics I've never preached about in my life.

Because I think that's true. There is a crisis brewing, and we Christians have a lot to do with it. Our crisis, I want to suggest to you this morning, is ultimately a [00:01:00] crisis in truth. The tragic reality is that many of us Christians have lost the courage to speak and pursue truth together. And that's important.

Because Jesus we claim, and we are sent to proclaim to the world, is the truth and the light. And so therefore, just thinking about it, it should be obvious to all of us that a failure to speak and pursue truth is a refusal to converse with our Lord, and a refusal to pursue God. So, any loss that we have of a courage to pursue truth, to speak the truth to one another has enormous stakes for us Christians.

It means that we are choosing to behave in a way that George Whitefield and John Wesley described during our great awakening, a little [00:02:00] bit, a little bit before and after the revolution that created our great nation. They spoke about the distinction between being in church and being in Christ, and when we refuse to speak the truth, when we lose the courage to speak the truth to one another, to make speaking the truth be the main characteristic of who we are, then we too are at risk of being in church but not being in Christ.

It means that we are at risk of abandoning our baptismal vow. It means we are setting ourselves on our own volition outside of the Eucharistic circle and making ourselves vulnerable to the destroyer. As Paul put it, as Paul warned our forebears who, who began Christianity, uh, among other groups, uh, at Corinth.

Evidently, this isn't a new [00:03:00] phenomenon for people who promised to follow Jesus. The people who have promised to follow Yahweh, who've promised to live within the promises of our covenant with God. Our gospel lesson today is one of the most challenging parables for us to understand and a poem that goes along with it.

And once we do understand it, it's one of the most challenging to hear.

The context is pretty important, and I want to have us set back a little bit and recall where we were last week. Jesus is having a conversation with the Pharisees and the legal experts, as you recall, who were grumbling, grumbling about the fact that Jesus was going about doing all these other things that the Pharisees and the legal experts said shouldn't be the priorities of the people.

The priorities of the people, they said, if you were a great patriot. If you're a great patriot who loves Israel and [00:04:00] loves Yahweh, well then your priorities should be these things, they said, not these things that you're doing, you rabbi who purports to be speaking for God. And so they grumbled and said, you're handing out with all the wrong people, if you recall.

And the wrong people were the people of the land, those lower in the social strata. And so Jesus told, as we talked about last week. Three parables that he began with, but he didn't just stop there. Your Bible, you know, makes these artificial, uh, distinctions between chapters, chapter 15 and 16, but in Luke's portrait that he's, that he's putting before us of who Jesus was, you see a continuing conversation with these Pharisees.

He's not done when he tells us the story about the prodigal sons, when he tells us the story of the, of the younger son who had all these gifts. from his father, who demanded them, who wished his father dead and then went and lived [00:05:00] in a prodigal way and wasted away. And then the story of his elder brother who, like the Pharisees, judged this prodigal son and would not welcome him home.

And in that context, if you recall, Jesus told of these parables, but he's, he's not done. He's continuing towards another parable. He's talked about in the first three parables, the grace of God, the grace of a father who welcomes us home and who insists that we join the father in welcoming all prodigals home.

And he continues shifting from this conversation about the grace of God as he converses, as he answers the Pharisees grumbles. by telling ultimately the parable that you remember about the rich man and Lazarus. You remember that one? We'll find that in the middle of chapter 16 in our Bibles today, in which there's this rich man who had, had a very poor man, [00:06:00] Lazarus, who lived outside his gates, who didn't know him at all, couldn't see him.

He was, he was beneath the eyesight of the rich man and never experienced the joy of sharing goods with each other. And, of course, you know how that parable ends up where they both die and one ends up at Hades and the other one ends up with Abraham and Isaac and Jacob, uh, and the rich man's asking the question, how did this happen to me?

So this is where Jesus is going, all a part of his answer to the Pharisees, explaining why he is going about with the priorities, not that the Pharisees, these great patriots, say should be our priorities. but with the priorities that are gathering up all of God's people into one family of God. That's the context of our story today, and that's the context in which we hear this juxtaposition of grace and our [00:07:00] responsibility to respond to grace in a particular way.

And the warning, the linchpin of these two, these two, these two stories we hear today, actually one's a parable and one's a poem. The parable of the unrighteous steward and then a poem about mammon. The linchpin between the two of these that, whereby Luke connects them as he tells the story is a phrase, unrighteous mammon.

And what we see Jesus telling us is reminding us and speaking right to the Pharisees. No slave can serve two masters, for a slave will either hate the one and love the other, or be devoted to the one and despise the other. You cannot serve God and mammon. Mammon is an Aramaic word, a Greek word, uh, uh, an Aramaic word that, that, uh, that translates for us into, [00:08:00] uh, earthly property, wealth.

Now, the linchpin of all this is unrighteous mammon.

As I read about this, I'm reminded of a lesson that we, we heard a few weeks ago when we were studying the prophets. And we remember, if you recall, the prophet Hosea in, in the beginning of his oracles tells the story of, of how Hosea married a, married a woman, was told to go marry a woman who was a prostitute.

And as we unpack that, we realize that in the eyes of the prophet, in the eyes of God, there was no one who was of Israel. There were no Israelites who were not prostitutes in the sense of being prodigal, in the sense of having turned their backs and being caught up in our life of rebellion against Yahweh.

We were all pursuing idols of our own creation. So marrying a [00:09:00] prostitute simply meant marrying an Israelite. All Israelites would have been seen as unrighteous. In the same way, I want to suggest to you, we are to understand Jesus's assumption when he speaks of unrighteous mammon. We are all swimming in the same waters.

Wherever we look, We experience mammon, and we experience mammon that is tainted, mammon that is unrighteous. And that's Jesus presupposition. Whatever wealth we have, we generate within a context of an economy of mammon. And that, I think, is the juxtaposition that Jesus is putting before us today. The economy of mammon and our, and our service to it.

And the economy of manna and our service to it. We cannot serve two masters. He reminds [00:10:00] all patriots, all good Pharisees, all good legal experts, all good people of the land who seek to serve Yahweh. I bring this up because I believe at the heart of our fear of speaking truth to each other. Is not partisan politics that calls us to believe in a particular individual versus another as the one who's best equipped to be our leaders.

It would be wonderful if that was merely the source. No, whomever comes up and leads us into ways of being in which we do not speak the truth are merely the latest demagogues to whom we've returned. Because it's easier to follow them than to speak truth to one another. And the truth that we are afraid to speak to each other is the truth about how [00:11:00] all the men and all the greatness that we experience in our country is tainted.

And we are afraid that We are unable to speak about how we are blessed through unrighteous mammon because we are afraid that if we speak the truth, our mammon will be taken away. And I have in mind here the movement for curricula throughout the United States, in states like Florida, in which the curricula show that we are now afraid to speak the truth about how America became great.

The idea is that to make America great again requires a bucket of whitewash. We're afraid to talk about how we got where we are. How we stand upon the shoulders of many people just like us, who did the best we can, but in many cases did evil. This is not the way of the Bible, [00:12:00] by the way. Had a conversation this week with a, uh, another, a fellow Annapolis grad who who was, was pointing to the story about the Immacolites and, and, uh, and other examples of atrocities in the Bible and in suggesting that it is our nature to enslave one another, that it is our nature to perform genocide against one another.

And I pointed out to him, no, no, no. What you see in the Hebrew scriptures is an incredible courage, a willingness to speak the truth about ourselves before God, to include those stories about how we enslaved one another, to include those stories about how, yes, we, through King Josiah, you know, performed genocide to wipe out the people in the promised land and how we justified it to ourselves.

Those stories are, are held. In Scripture, so that there is this tension, there is this truth about the naming of our [00:13:00] identity that shows how in spite of these things whereby we sought to be inhuman, God pursued us, called us always back again to be human, to be humane to one another. And so those stories are kept there.

And so it's at the courage, the courage of those who wrote the Hebrew scriptures to which we're called as we design the curricula of our school systems to tell the truth about how we have become to be. And that story includes noble acts, that story includes noble ideals, that story includes wonderful love and care of neighbor.

And it also includes the opposite. It also includes very important stories. And one of the things I want to point to is Wall Street. Did you know, do you remember in our story how there was no great American Wall Street in the 19th century after our revolution, [00:14:00] we basically had no capital to speak of. We were broke as a nation, a lot like many failed States today.

We were. Reliant entirely on the trade that we were able to establish mostly with England and France. And we were reliant upon their established mercantile systems. We were reliant on their money to fund our creation of the manifest destiny that gave us a nation that spans from Atlantic to Pacific.

That gave us the capacity to build railroads, that gave us the capacity to build factories, that gave us the capacity to Um, to settle all these untamed lands that were inhabited by our Native Americans and to drive them out, which is what we did. We didn't have the capital to do that. Where did we get the capital to do that?

Well, the answer is King Cotton. We got the capital by engaging and building an economy that was based on [00:15:00] our ability to have incredibly cheap labor. In this case, enslaved labor. And through the profits that we generated, we, we, we were able to, before the revolution, I mean, before the Civil War, to create something of an independence from those capital sources in England and in France and otherwise.

We were able, in other words, to amass fortunes in the Northeast that then enabled us to build factories like Henry Ford built, factories like Andrew Carnegie built. Factories that, that made the Vanderbilt Commodore, Cornelius Vanderbilt, uh, such a wealthy man. We amassed this wealth on the backs of people we enslaved.

And just like those who wrote the Hebrew scriptures, if we have the courage to tell our story truthfully, we're able to tell how we did all these great things, but we did it by making some wrong turns along the way that [00:16:00] were tragic and constituted rebellion against God. And nonetheless, God walked with us, which is how the scriptures tell that story.

But we're afraid to do that. We're afraid to speak the truth in our country to each other. We're afraid to tell that story. We want to pour a bucket of whitewash over it. We're afraid to tell the story of how after that great moment during the Reconstruction in which there were radical Republicans who had a vision for correcting and doing the things that we weren't able to do at the time of the Constitution, uh, we would be able to create a country that truly lived as though all people were created equal.

And then Reconstruction failed and then Jim Crow ensued and we started re establishing this exploitation of labor through convict leasing. Our stories, as we tell our stories, we have to tell the story of how many of the great corporations that became great at the turn of the [00:17:00] 20th century became great because of the cheap labor that we were able to have through Convict leasing programs and through the exploitation of immigrant populations who came here, who we suppressed, ensured that they could not compete with our jobs and thereby ensured that we had the cheapest sources of labor.

We have to tell that story if we are to be truthful. We built great wealth and that wealth powers our economy today. We don't speak the truth if we don't include that narrative of our exploitation of the labor of the weak. of the people of the land, and that's exactly why Jesus is telling these stories to those great patriots of Israel, the Pharisees, and the legal experience experts then.

That was the context. Let's speak the truth, my buddies. Jesus said to these Pharisees with whom he had so much in common, and then he told these stories we heard today. [00:18:00] And so we get this story, interestingly enough, of an unjust steward. And I want to just have you note a couple of things about this story.

What we focus on usually is the actions of the unjust steward. So what we have here is the context just like we had in the American 20th century, at the beginning of the 20th century in much of America, sharecropping and similar types of arrangements between a wealthy landowner and the people of the land, poor folks.

People who would have a contract. At the beginning of the year, they would plant seed. They would have not the money from the crops because the crops had not been grown. So they would just enter into exchange a contract. They promised to provide a share of the fruits of their harvest in the fall in payment for the use of the land to the landowner.

And that was the practice. It's been a practice through, for centuries all over the world. It's been a practice in the United States for a [00:19:00] very long time. And so that was what, that was a norm at the turn of the 20th century, and that was the practice in the context of this unjust steward. There was a landowner, there were sharecroppers who, uh, who were entered into contracts at the beginning of the year.

The wealthy landowner had an agent. A steward, whose responsibility was to go out to these sharecroppers, to enter into these contracts, to handle all the minutiae of managing this exchange of land for the fruits of the harvest, and to engage in negotiations on pricing mechanisms and things like that.

And the common thing would have been for that agent to add a bonus for himself into it, to add a percentage above whatever that harvest was, and that was his That was his part of the exchange. And what we learn in this story is that this steward was something of an unsavory character. [00:20:00] He was engaging in this practice of dealing with unrighteous mammon and making himself wealthy.

And he comes to his master and the master says, What's this I hear? Have you been Embezzling? Have you been cutting a little extra on the side for you? Your time is over here. Bring me the books. We will settle this now. That's the context. And we know what happens. He goes to each of the, of the sharecroppers and says to them, Hey, we're going to strike the price for you down by 500 denarii.

And to each one of them, even though there are different percentages, that was the equivalent amount economically. It was about 500 denarii. We're just going to reduce the amount you owe the master for 500 denarii. So he went from sharecropper to sharecropper to sharecropper. You can imagine their joy.

You can imagine what they would take, how they would sing the praises of the [00:21:00] master. Our master in this time of, of travail has done something wonderful. He's given us grace. And so we accept this cut in, in our bargain, uh, so that we might prosper and we praise the name of our master. And so the, the steward goes back to the master and he's already seen how the master's treated him.

So what, let's think about how the master treated him. The master could have had him stoned immediately. The master could have thrown him in jail immediately. The master could have chewed him out. Up, up and down. But instead, the master simply judged what had happened. He spoke truth about what had happened.

He named what the consequences were, uh, you know, what justice entailed. You have lost your job. And then he gave him time to get his affairs in order. And then the steward did this [00:22:00] behavior. And so this steward, as he went about to these sharecroppers, was pretty savvy. He knew the nature of his master. So he went to all of these people he had been cheating, he made a deal in the name of the master.

And he takes this deal back to the master and says, look what I've done, knowing the master was a merciful man, knowing the master desired to be known throughout the world as a gracious master, knowing that the master would not.

Reneged on that which had been promised in the, in his name. And so he trusted. And so Jesus tells the story to the Pharisees and he says, that's what all of us should be doing. If you're seeing what I [00:23:00] am doing, you would, to understand that you need to understand that you yourself should be acting like an un, this unjust steward.

You, yourself, should be going about, because your lives, your wealth, your social position, just like the elder prodigal brother. You yourself have built your whole lives on unrighteous mammon. So now you should repent of that and go about the process, like the unjust steward, of making things right. Sharing the goods, the abundance that God always intended for all of us, with all of God's people, in the Master's name.

And that's what I'm doing. So it's in that context that Jesus then tells this story, this poem, in which the poet wonders if any dishonest man can be [00:24:00] trusted with God's truth. And there is this juxtaposition once again between Our faithfulness with men and our faithfulness with money and with in our faithfulness with God and with truth.

Just like the parable of the rich man and Lazarus. And so there is this spiritual crisis I would suggest that we face. All of us face that the Pharisees faced legal experts face and that we faced whenever we are afraid to speak and pursue truth in our country today because Jesus is saying if you can't be, if you have to whitewash this things, if you can't be truthful about from whom all this abundance comes, if you want to make it a story about how you amassed all this wealth, then how in the world can I trust you?

With truth because [00:25:00] truth is life with me. I am the light. I am the truth.

We are called to be a people like the unrighteous steward and the authors of scripture who have the courage to speak truth, who know that our greatness consists not of our wealth, all of which is tainted. That's the story we tell when we are truthful about our story, but our greatness consists on what good we do with the wealth given us to draw all the world around us more and more into God's economy of manna, God's economy of superabundance, God's economy that acknowledges God is the source of all we eat.

And in such a community, all that we own is seen not as an end. But as a means of witnessing to God's presence in our lives. Our [00:26:00] property, your property, anything you own, any structure that we have, that we created in our society, is given by God as a means of pointing to God, and God's glorious provision of all that we need to be friends with God, and to be friends with each other.

We are called to be good stewards. And as Jesus teaches us in these parables in his poem today, that's what being a good steward looks like. So I ask you, I ask all of us to reflect. Are you a good steward?

In the name of the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Spirit, Amen.

