{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2820
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Beyond "Leave Me Alone": Recovering a Christian Understanding of Freedom\
Many of my Naval Academy classmates and fellow veterans embrace a conception of freedom that would have been foreign to both the church fathers and the American founders. This libertarian ideal\'97freedom as non-interference\'97has become so embedded in our thinking that we rarely question it. "Just leave me alone" has become the rallying cry for many, especially those drawn to the hyper-individualism championed by figures like Elon Musk or the distorted Christianity of the MAGA movement.\
But this conception of freedom is fundamentally mistaken, both theologically and politically. It represents not the culmination of Christian or American thought but a profound distortion of both traditions.\
When we reason from first principles about the Trinity, we discover that true freedom isn't the absence of constraints but the presence of capacity\'97specifically, the capacity to love God and neighbor with our whole being. The Shema (Deuteronomy 6:4-5), which Jesus identifies as the greatest commandment alongside loving one's neighbor, doesn't present love as optional but as constitutive of what it means to be human. Freedom, then, is the capacity to fulfill this calling without hindrance.\
The freedom proclaimed in the Gospels isn't about individual autonomy but about liberation from domination. Christ's ministry consistently confronted systems that diminished human flourishing\'97whether Roman imperial power, religious hypocrisy, or social marginalization. His resurrection represents God's definitive rejection of domination in all its forms.\
This theological understanding aligns closely with the civic republican tradition that shaped much of our nation's founding before being corrupted by white supremacy and market fundamentalism. Philosophers like Philip Pettit have recovered this tradition's emphasis on freedom as non-domination\'97creating structures where no one exercises arbitrary power over others.\
The problem with freedom as non-interference becomes clear when we consider our nation's history. After Reconstruction, white Southerners (including my ancestors in Louisiana) could claim they weren't actively interfering with Black citizens' freedom while creating structures that effectively denied their ability to participate in society as equals. No one was explicitly "interfering" with their voting rights\'97there were just literacy tests, poll taxes, and white primaries that "happened" to exclude them.\
When we reduce freedom to mere non-interference, we blind ourselves to how economic arrangements and social structures enable domination without direct coercion. We miss how systems inherited from our segregated past\'97from housing policy to educational funding to criminal justice\'97continue to shape our present.\
My own journey from Baton Rouge during desegregation to the Naval Academy to business leadership to theological study has shown me how systems of domination persist even when explicit interference recedes. The theological and political imagination I'm advocating wasn't formed in abstraction but through painful recognition of my own family's complicity in these systems and my calling to a different way of being as a follower of Christ.\
In our worship as Episcopalians, we practice a different understanding of freedom. The Eucharist forms us as a community where status and wealth hold no privilege, where all are equally recipients of grace. This liturgical formation isn't separate from political witness but fundamentally shapes it. We learn freedom not as isolated individuals but as members of Christ's body.\
Richard Hooker, in his defense of Anglicanism against both Roman authoritarianism and Puritan biblicism, reasoned from Trinity to society, showing how proper theological understanding shapes political imagination. Like Hooker, we must recover theological reasoning that begins with God's nature rather than with market logic or nationalist identity.\
For my fellow academy graduates who value service and sacrifice, this understanding of freedom should resonate more deeply than libertarian individualism. The military at its best embodies freedom as non-domination\'97creating structures where power is accountable and oriented toward common flourishing rather than personal advantage.\
True freedom requires more than being left alone\'97it demands institutions and practices that empower all people to flourish as bearers of God's image. It requires challenging economic arrangements that concentrate power in ways that enable domination. It means confronting how Christian symbols have been co-opted to defend hierarchies that Christ came to overturn.\
Freedom as non-domination offers a path beyond the false choice between progressive identity politics and reactionary nationalism. It recovers both theological wisdom and civic republican principles that can address our current crisis without capitulating to either market fundamentalism or state control.\
The question for us is whether we have the courage to reimagine freedom not as escape from obligation but as capacity for love\'97love of God and neighbor that liberates us all from domination and invites us into God's redemptive work in the world.\
}