{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2820
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 SCRIPT: "WHEN LOVE TURNS FROM TRUTH"\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 [SUGGESTED HEADER IMAGE: A split image showing a Bible open to John 14:6 ("I am the way, the truth, and the life") on one side, and on the other side, a hand holding scales of justice that are tipped by money/power symbols overweighing a small flame (representing truth). The image should have a dramatic lighting contrast - bright illumination on the Bible text, shadows on the imbalanced scales.]\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 VIDEO SCRIPT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 [OPENING - CALM, THOUGHTFUL TONE]
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
When I first heard someone justify lying with the phrase "It doesn't matter if you lie if it works," I felt a chill run down my spine. This wasn't just any context\'97this was from a man who had abused his wife while maintaining a veneer of religious devotion.\
In that single statement, I recognized something deeply familiar from our current political moment\'97a philosophical posture that has infected much of what calls itself Christian in America today.\

\f0\b \strokec2 [TRANSITION - INTRODUCE FRANKFURT]
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Philosopher Harry Frankfurt, in his works on love and bullshit\'97yes, that's the actual philosophical term\'97offers us profound insights into what's happening here.\

\f0\b \strokec2 [KEY POINT 1 - WHAT IS BULLSHIT?]
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Frankfurt makes a critical distinction. The liar knows the truth and deliberately contradicts it. But the bullshitter? They simply don't care whether what they're saying is true or false.\
Let that sink in.\
The defining feature of bullshit isn't falsehood\'97it's indifference to truth altogether. As Frankfurt puts it: "The bullshitter...does not reject the authority of the truth, as the liar does. He pays no attention to it at all."\

\f0\b \strokec2 [VISUAL ELEMENT: Simple animation showing three figures - a truth-teller looking at reality and pointing to it, a liar looking at reality but pointing away from it, and a bullshitter with back turned to reality, gesturing dramatically to an audience]
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \

\f0\b \strokec2 [KEY POINT 2 - CONNECTION TO CHRISTIANISM]
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
This helps explain a troubling pattern in MAGA Christianism. When religious leaders echo verifiably false claims, when scripture gets twisted to serve political ends, when prophecies fail but prophets face no consequences\'97we're not witnessing mere mistakes or even strategic lies.\
We're seeing a fundamental indifference to truth itself.\

\f0\b \strokec2 [PERSONAL REFLECTION]
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
As a person of faith who values traditional Christianity, this troubles me deeply. Because Christianity has always maintained that God is Truth, that Christ is "the way, the truth, and the life." There can be no authentic Christian faith that treats truth as dispensable.\

\f0\b \strokec2 [KEY POINT 3 - PRAGMATISM VS. CHRISTIANITY]
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
What we're witnessing isn't Christianity but what theologian Stanley Hauerwas identified in his critique of Reinhold Niebuhr\'97a form of philosophical pragmatism cloaked in religious language.\
"It doesn't matter if you lie if it works" isn't a Christian ethic. It's Jamesian pragmatism\'97a philosophy that judges truth claims solely by their practical effects rather than their correspondence to reality.\

\f0\b \strokec2 [VISUAL ELEMENT: Split screen showing two paths - one labeled "Christianity: Truth as essential" and another labeled "Pragmatism: Truth as optional when inconvenient"]
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \

\f0\b \strokec2 [KEY POINT 4 - DISORDERED LOVE]
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
In Frankfurt's work on love, he explains that what we love determines what we value. Love creates its own necessities\'97what we must do because of what we love.\
When we love God properly, truth cannot be optional, because God is Truth. When our love turns elsewhere\'97to power, to cultural dominance, to tribal identity\'97our relationship with truth becomes transactional.\

\f0\b \strokec2 [PROFOUND INSIGHT]
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Perhaps the most devastating insight from Frankfurt is how our skeptical age has retreated from correctness to sincerity. We no longer ask "Is it true?" but "Is he sincere?"\
Frankfurt's conclusion is breathtaking: "insofar as this is the case, sincerity itself is bullshit."\

\f0\b \strokec2 [CLOSING CALL]
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
The problem with MAGA Christianism isn't just political\'97it's deeply spiritual. It's a disorder of love that values effectiveness over truthfulness, power over integrity.\
For those of us who care about authentic faith, the path forward isn't just better fact-checking. It's a fundamental reordering of our loves.\
When we truly love God and neighbor, we cannot be indifferent to truth. We cannot say "it doesn't matter if you lie if it works." Truth matters because people matter. Truth matters because God matters.\
And that's a reality no amount of bullshit can change.\

\f0\b \strokec2 [END GRAPHIC: TEXT OVERLAY]
\f1\b0 \strokec2  "When love is properly ordered, truth is never optional."\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 [NOTES FOR PRODUCTION: Keep the tone thoughtful rather than angry. Use pauses after profound points. If using background music, ensure it's contemplative and doesn't distract. Consider B-roll footage of church services, political rallies with religious imagery, and quiet moments of reflection in sacred spaces to illustrate the contrast between authentic faith and its politicized counterpart.]\
}