{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2820
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Justice at the Intersection: Love, Power, and Mercy\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 In our fractured American moment, where power often masquerades as justice and retribution as righteousness, we urgently need to reconsider what justice truly means from a theological perspective. Drawing on Paul Tillich's profound insights about love, power, and justice as interrelated divine attributes, I want to propose that genuine justice emerges precisely at the intersection where love, power, and mercy converge.\
This isn't abstract theology. As MAGA Christianism increasingly deploys the language of justice to justify vengeance, exclusion, and domination, those of us formed by different theological traditions must articulate an alternative vision\'97one that speaks to Christians, Jews, and those who have served our nation with the expectation that its ideals meant something.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Beyond Retribution\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 The justice we encounter in our political discourse today is often merely retribution dressed in judicial robes. It asks only: "What punishment does the wrongdoer deserve?" This narrow view reduces justice to a transaction of pain, where suffering is meant to balance suffering.\
But this is not the justice revealed in our sacred texts. The Hebrew prophets thunder not primarily about punishment but about restoration of right relationship. When Amos declares, "Let justice roll down like waters, and righteousness like an ever-flowing stream," he envisions not prisons filling but communities healing.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Justice as Encounter with the Divine\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Tillich recognized that justice is not merely a human system but a face of God\'97one way we encounter the divine in our midst. This understanding transforms justice from a cold calculation of desert into a sacred space of encounter where broken relationships can be mended.\
When we truly meet justice, we are not simply applying rules; we are participating in God's ongoing work of restoration. This justice seeks not the destruction of the wrongdoer but the healing of the entire community.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Love Without Power is Sentimentality\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Justice requires love, yes, but love without power is mere sentimentality. How many times have we witnessed communities express "thoughts and prayers" while refusing to address systemic injustices? This is sentimentality, not love.\
True love, as Tillich understood, always contains within it the power to transform. It is not passive wishing but active engagement with suffering. The love that informs true justice must have teeth\'97the capacity to reorganize power structures that perpetuate harm.\
Veterans understand this instinctively. Love of country is not just feeling patriotic during the national anthem; it is willingness to place oneself between harm and the beloved. It is power deployed in service of protecting what we cherish.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Power Without Love is Tyranny\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Conversely, power divorced from love inevitably becomes tyrannical. We see this in policies that separate families at borders, in rhetoric that dehumanizes opponents, in governance that privileges domination over service.\
The current administration's deployment of power follows this tyrannical pattern\'97using authority not to protect the vulnerable but to reward allies and punish enemies. This is power corrupted by absence of love.\
For those who have served our nation in uniform, this corruption feels particularly acute. The oath was to the Constitution, not to a person; to principles, not to power. When power serves only itself, it betrays that sacred trust.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 The Essential Role of Mercy\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 But even love-informed power is insufficient for justice. Here I want to extend Tillich's framework by insisting on mercy as the third essential element of justice.\
Mercy is not weakness; it is the recognition that all human systems of justice are incomplete, all human knowledge partial. Mercy creates space for repentance, for growth, for the unexpected breakthrough of grace.\
My Jewish friends recognize this in the tradition of leaving the corners of fields unharvested for the stranger and the poor\'97building mercy directly into economic systems. My Christian siblings see it in Jesus's consistent refusal to condemn those society had already judged.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Sam Wells' "Being With": Incarnational Justice\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Here, Sam Wells' incarnational theology of "being with" provides crucial insight. Wells reminds us that God's justice operates not through distant judgment but through presence\'97God choosing to be with us rather than merely doing things for us, to us, or despite us.\
Justice that follows this incarnational pattern does not simply impose solutions from above but enters into solidarity with those who suffer injustice. It sits alongside both victim and perpetrator, seeking healing for both.\
This stands in stark contrast to the current political theology that positions certain leaders as saviors who will impose justice from above. True justice cannot be delivered by a strongman; it must be embodied in communities committed to being with one another through the messy process of reconciliation.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Justice at West Point, Annapolis, and the Air Force Academy\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 The service academies instill "Duty, Honor, Country" precisely because justice requires all three elements I've described. Duty reflects the power to act, honor embodies love's commitment to something greater than self-interest, and service to country at its best includes mercy toward those we protect.\
When these values become distorted\'97when duty means blind obedience, honor means never admitting wrong, and country means only those who look or think like us\'97we lose the very justice we claim to uphold.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Living Justice in an Unjust Time\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 So how do we live justice at the intersection of love, power, and mercy during this autocratic moment?\
First, we must reject false dichotomies. Justice is neither weak forgiveness that requires no change nor harsh punishment that offers no redemption. It is the demanding, transformative space where love's fierce demands meet power's capacity to effect change, all tempered by mercy's recognition of our shared humanity.\
Second, we must build communities that embody this intersection. Congregations, veterans' groups, neighborhood associations\'97these can become laboratories of true justice when they commit to loving accountability, shared power, and practices of mercy.\
Finally, we must speak this vision into the public square. When "justice" becomes a weapon for partisan advantage, we must reclaim it as God's own attribute, revealed most fully where love, power, and mercy meet.\
In doing so, we offer not just resistance to authoritarianism but an alternative vision of common life\'97one where justice flows like water and righteousness like an ever-flowing stream.\
}