{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2820
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 - Synthesis Notes\
  - [Building connections between notes is a crucial aspect of effective note-taking and learning. However, this process requires effort and active thinking to truly understand and retain the information. Therefore, to learn effectively, it is important to actively engage with the material, seek out connections between concepts, and strive for a deeper understanding. By doing so, you can build a strong foundation of knowledge that will enable you to connect new information with existing ideas and continue to learn and grow.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=ipmPulfons_V)\
  - [Every act in which we say \'93Yes!\'94 to the command of grace is political. The problem with what you call \'93political Christianity\'94 is not that it\'92s political; it\'92s that it says \'93No!\'94 to what grace commands. It\'92s a parody of Christianity.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=UBLy1x0mpBwx)\
  - [Functional nation ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=BPsp03K35O)\
  - [Lester Frank Ward, both a sociologist and economist, pioneered many of the collectivist concepts the progressive reformers embraced. They claimed the Enlightenmen's autonomous human and Walt Whitman's self-reliant human were obsolete in the industrial era. Ward is known for two foundational concepts for progressives. First, "humanity is the agent of its own destiny, and second, society, not the individual, is the proper unit of explanatory account."](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=Pq3BJEH9Na)\
  - [Repeatedly, in textbooks and scholarly articles, the new reformers rejected the concept of individualism as an unhelpful fiction in the nation's economic life and embraced "the rhetoric of the moral whole" and what economist Edward A. Ross championed as "social control."](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=dIySY6xWNg)\
  - [Four major intellectual influences drove the reformers to see the economic sectors as a whole that is greater than the sum of its part - the theory of holism. First, the German Historical School's emphasized that a people is itself an organism, and greater than the persons that constitute it. Second, Darwinism apparently falsified the doctrine of natural rights. Third, the social gospel stressed the prioritization of social justice rather than the salvation of individual souls. Finally, the rise of philosophical Pragmatism justified the discarding of old ways and embrace of new ways based on a thing's measurable utility.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=bEzsbA8o29)\
  - [The new industrial economy required constant vigilance by elite experts who, as part of what Wilson called 'the administrative state,' regulated sectors, prioritizing the people's welfare over individual rights.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=AwtZutiroU)\
  - [The progressive reformers rejected laissez-faire economics on moral and pragmatic grounds, declaring its agrarian era theories outmoded and inappropriate to the era of industrial capitalism.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=4uQhlPj-Ju)\
  - [The first generation of progressive reformers were born into and lived their entire lives immersed in a predominantly Anglo-Protestant culture that took for granted inalienable natural rights and the providential nature of the invisible hand that translated individual self-interest into societal flourishing.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=zJbrEV3Dyd)\
  - [German political economists were highly esteemed and influential in German society. The American graduates returned with their Ph.D's, determined to professionalize the social sciences and to distinguish themselves by leading the reforms needed for America to thrive in the Industrial era.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=uJaXy7Q0_f)\
  - [Their German professors taught that the movement from the agrarian age into the industrial age required new ways of narrating the relationship between individuals and the people. The complexity of industrial capitalism meant that individuals and civic groups could no longer be responsible for responding to capitalism's externalities. Social problems, in an industrial society, require the expertise of elite administrators working on behalf of the state.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=aUMbcxd6RQ)\
  - [In contrast, American reformers were taught the German approach that emphasized the particularity and history of a people and their contingent and adaptable economy. The state, on behalf of the people, could and should guide its economic life.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=Qk0KfIz5jT)\
  - [In general, German economists rejected Anglo-American laissez-faire economics based on the premise of natural individual rights and natural laws of economics that, liked an invisible hand, guided free markets to prosperity.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=ErDyYMdRCX)\
  - [There they were immersed in the German Historical School which taught them the Prussian approach to political economy that emphasized government intervention and a social safety net including compulsory workers compensation, health, and retirement insurance.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=wU_OkCHq8e)\
  - [The first generation of American social reformers studied political economy in the midst of the Long Depression that lasted from 1873 to 1896 in the United States and Europe.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=Iym56yyajO)\
  - [Because of this unavailability, Americans flocked to the top German universities at Berlin, Halle, and Heidelberg that were considered the world leaders in political economy.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=ocbJXEPrOu)\
  - [Graduate education in political economy was scarcely available in the United States when the 1862 Morrill Land Grant Acts and endowments by capitalist tycoons created a boom in graduate student enrollments, which exploded from 50 to 6,000 between 1870 and 1900.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=dtECrpK2v2)\
  - [Twenty-three of the American Economic Association's (AEA) fifty-five charter members were clergy immersed in the social gospel movement.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=Gh-JX1bAGE)\
  - [It's a theological mistake to tell our story as either a declension or progression narrative. That's not to say there were times when our forebears got thing right that we now get wrong. Nor is it to say that we cannot claim substantial progress in important aspects of our common life. Rather, it's to say that, in every era, God is God and we are God's finite creatures, and no matter how closely God draws near, our distance remains always infinite. That's why, in every period, steadfast and grateful witness to God's presence is always required.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=LnzhLR_abf)\
  - [In the preface to his published 2001 Gifford lectures, Stanley Hauerwas emphasized how important it is for Christians to remember that theology is a means, not an end. The end is prayer, which is simultaneously our posture and substance whenever we are fully human. Therefore, he cautions us against staking out theological positions more settled than prayer. The point is not to ensure we hold orthodox positions but to help us converse with God in faithful prayer.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=jdlfnEpjE9)\
  - [Given that QCN researchers strip Christian nationalism of its theological content and redeploy the term to describe a perspective that generates illiberal right-wing political views, it should not surprise us when their thin definition catches about half the American population in its wide net. Their theory treats all illiberal conservative Christian views as proof of Christian nationalism. But that disregards the historical diversity of American Christianity. One may hold illiberal views on questions of interest to researchers and yet cherish American doctrine separating Church and State. Similarly, one may have conservative views on sexuality and patriarchy and value progress toward equal treatment under the law. Many may oppose what they view as increasing secularity in our culture while defending what they understand as the Judeo-Christian standard of a color-blind society. Others may protect national symbols and rituals - such as standing attention during the national anthem - with a heightened reverence for national and cultural symbols while still celebrating freedoms of speech and worship. Given QCN researchers' overly broad definition, though respondents oppose the Church-State fusion, their illiberality on some questions could land them in the Christian nationalism net. This is likely the most troubling weakness in QCN theory. It fails to account for the diversity of Christian contexts that may lead some to share conservative views while celebrating religious freedom and the separation of Church and State. Its theologically thin and ideologically broad brush will inevitably register a high level of false positives, insufficiently discriminating between malignant and banal forms of conservative Christianity. It obscures more than it clarifies what's happening in American civil religion.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=YkQdXMedePKB)\
  - [Perhaps because QCN scholars' definition of Christian nationalism is poorly conceived, they've also struggled to theorize how it operates. If it is a phenomenon that causes illiberal conservative political attitudes, how does it cause them? Once again, QCN scholars cast a wide net to include all the standard sociological suspects. Smith and Adler (2022) provide a summary: it has been categorized as an "ideology,... cultural framework,... a social identity,... a constellation of beliefs, malleable set of symbols,... myth,... discourse,... movement,... political theology,... and politicized religion...." As they point out, these technical terms denote sociological phenomena that operate differently, so Christian nationalism "might be all of these, but...cannot be each of these for a given person at a given moment" (3). Moreover, these phenomena don't drive beliefs and attitudes at a mass scale like QCN scholars claim Christian nationalism moves people to adopt illiberal conservative political views. For example, social identities don't begin with ideas that logically cause other ideas in the way that QCN scholars suggest Christian nationalist beliefs drive political beliefs. Instead, social identities may or may not lead people to adopt beliefs based on affinity relationships, conforming their views to those they admire. Belongingness, not prior convictions, drives ideas in the social identity phenomenon. Similarly, cultural toolkit theory "assumes a causal disconnection between meaning and action" and holds that a cultural framework does not function as a "'mover' of social action" (4). Ideology is the most common explanation of how Christian nationalism operates. But that explanation is also problematic. Ideology can drive social activity, but "most Americans are not consistent in their beliefs,... value social tolerance over ideological purity,... and ideologically motivated action is a powerful, but rare, occurrence,.. appearing among a relatively small network, often of elites" (4). Since QCN scholars claim Christian nationalism is supported by over 50% of Americans and most adherents are non-elites, ideology theory seems insufficient to explain its function. That disparity raises questions about the propriety of the linear QCN scale, which researchers interpret as a scale of ideological intensity. More importantly, the inability to specify how Christian nationalism functions theoretically raises questions about current empirical models. Smith and Adler note, "If [Christian nationalism] is a complex and multimodal phenomenon, as seems likely, there should be greater focus on when it takes one form or another, why, for whom, and with what consequence."](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=uTqRwJYCyTlZ)\
  - [According to sociologists Jesse Smith and Gary J. Adler, the QCN Scale exemplifies what Gabriel Abend calls "a 'theory2' theory" (2, citing Abend 2008:178). Abend clarifies that such a theory seeks to explain "a particular social phenomenon." It's a "causal explanation." The QCN researchers claim that the concept they've theorized\'a0causes\'a0a host of social phenomena, including support for Trumpism, racism, nativism, Islamophobia, authoritarian control, and heteronormativity (Whitehead and Perry 2020: 15-17). They do not claim their concept is\'a0correlative; they posit a\'a0causal relationship\'a0between scoring high on the QCN scale and a wide array of right-wing political behaviors. However, the strength of causal theories lies in constructing the independent variable, which is their conception of Christian nationalism. If the specificity of the dependent variable is weak, the theory is likewise weak in its explanatory power. As we have seen, the QCN scholars defined Christian nationalism as "a commitment to a vision of American life and polity as closely intertwined with an identitarian, politically conservative strain of Christianity" that "includes assumptions of nativism, white supremacy, patriarchy, and heteronormativity, along with divine sanction for authoritarian control and militarism" (10). So, the independent variable - in their theoretical formulation - includes the behaviors it claims to cause. It needs to be better constructed: the logic is tautological and circular. If my theory defines a Navy fan as a football fan who wears a Navy jersey and then discovers that folks wearing Navy jerseys tend to be Navy fans, I've not shown a causal relationship; my theory could be better conceived. That's a significant flaw in the QCN theory. Christian nationalism is conceived in terms of illiberal conservative political attitudes. It does not cause those attitudes; they're baked into the variable's construction.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=UU0maSvy83uV)\
  - [Jesse Smith and Gary J. Adler raise significant cautions about QCN Research on theoretical and empirical grounds. Most importantly, they criticize QCN researchers' amorphous  conceptualization of Christian nationalism. They note that Whitehead and Perry have stretched their descriptions of its content, sociological function, and how it is distinctive from other forms of Christian participation in the public square to support a growing range of arguments against right-wing cultural and political beliefs. In addition, they warn that the Christian Nationalism Scale relies upon survey data intended for a different purpose that generates scaled scores so ambiguous that it cannot claim the explanatory power Whitehead and Perry assign to it.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=BjnQ4IG4-DDk)\
  - [In response to increasing polarization of American society, especially after the election of Donald Trump, a rapidly growing thread in social science and journalistic research focuses on American Christian nationalism. Andrew L. Whitehead and Samuel L. Perry and others have pioneered "quantitative Christian nationalism research" (QCN Research) that posits a causal link between Christian nationalism and a wide range of right-wing cultural beliefs and practices. At the heart of QCN research is the Christian Nationalism Scale, an index by which scholars identify the probability of and intensity with which persons hold cultural and political views that QCN researchers associate with Christian nationalism. QCN researchers have raised the alarm concerning Christian nationalism in the public square through multimedia communications aimed at a popular audience, claiming a causal link between Christian nationalism and right-wing positions in America's culture wars.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=ejp0_dmGnKSn)\
  - [The Colorblind Judeo-Christian Nation discourse converts race into a cultural rather than ethnic category and broadens the set of those it recognizes as part of that culture to include anyone who embraces the Judeo-Christian ethno-tradition. They redefine American-ness in terms of consent and conformity to that ethno-tradition, which they identify with conservative political values like freedom, individualism, and self-reliance. This operates as a form of exclusion while enabling those shaped by this story to claim and believe they practice color-blind and religiously tolerant inclusivity.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=DKOmzTmdEcYT)\
  - [The Religious Right embraced the "Judeo-Christian America" narrative that arose after WWII to express inclusiveness and solidarity with Jews. However, they blended that language into their narrative of American exceptionalism so that the key to American chosenness was its preservation of ethical resources embedded in its Judeo-Christian ethno-tradition, where "Judeo-Christian" was simply another term for the Anglo-Protestant ethnotradition and devotion to readings of the United States Constitution that favored that ethnotradition. They claimed American democracy and capitalism depend on a restored commitment to that ethnotradition in response to threats from radical secularism and pluralism. Without the priority of that ethnotradition, American democracy and capitalism would collapse.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=3T6wCfsIKxgy)\
  - [Scholars of right-wing social movements recognize the need to distinguish Christian nationalism from competing forms of American civil religion. In studying Christian nationalism, they've only recently begun to account for qualitative differences in its diverse forms of expression, including the intensities with which beliefs are held and how the intersection of race and religion drives how American identity and America's enemies are defined. Christian nationalism is not a monolith. Right-wing social groups can seem similar because their stories about America's past and future share a standard plot structure. The founding myths they treasure reflect an ignorance of our history and a nostalgia for a golden age to which America can and should return. The stories are declension narratives that yearn for heroes to emerge who will conquer the enemies who stand in the way of our return to simpler times. Though the tales share that familiar plot, their content varies, with different heroes, enemies, and values that must be restored. Right-wing groups share a nostalgic perspective, yet the myths they tell have essential differences that generate their different agendas. Chief among these differences are how race and religion intersect in imagining America's past and future.   ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=pLUnU_dvJyAI)\
  - [For Civic Christians, the thing that's out there and superior to themselves is not God but secular science. They lack confidence in the Christian capacity to describe the way the world really is and subordinate their witness to secular dogma, fitting their witness to secularity's description. Civic Christianity contrasts sharply with a Christian faith that begins with the premise that God reveals the truth about the world and calls Christians to construct lives that witness to the reality of God's dynamic, ongoing reconciling presence.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=NYu4HWX_B2)\
  - [The good news revealed in Jesus the Messiah is the revelation not only that those who wield dominant power ultimately will not flourish, but that those who instead wield the power of creative, reconciling love align themselves to what John Howard Yoder called "the grain of the universe."](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=siYfhngZ-q)\
  - [Our Christian symbol of the Trinity encapsulates the full doctrine of God in a single word. Creative love, differentiated unity, covenant faithfulness, sustenance, redemption, reconciliation - it's all there in a symbol that denotes God's character as revealed in our history with God. But all the Trinity conveys is unintelligible to those whose thick habits of thought presuppose we are each autonomous rational agents at the center of our own private universe. For such folks, Christian claims about a God is with us seem like mere assertion.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=wOSbVVBkO6)\
  - [The entire created order can do no other than testify to the wondrous character of God.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=KUTw-kYvgD)\
  - [My father used to say he didn't need to participate in a Christian community because all he needed to know about God he learned from his quiet enjoyment creation's symphony. But any understanding of God based entirely on our personal experience is sure to miscontrue God's character and, for that reason, distort the truth about ourselves and the spaces we inhabit.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=QW1IacifgD)\
  - [Civic Christians manifest a spectrum of beliefs and habits concerning Christian creedal statements and the significance of Scripture. Some hold the creeds and Scripture as dogma whose literal sense must be defended within the church's sphere but which, except for the comfort and insights their poetry and timeless wisdom provides, otherwise bear little authority in the secular sphere. Some hold the creeds and Scripture lightly, cherishing them as stories we rightly remember when performing rites of Christian piety that mark our rites of passage and holidays of sacred significance. Others see the creeds and Scripture as archaic treasures that evoke the promise participation in otherworldly flourishing but which science enables us to move beyond.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=BfhGXKfyAG)\
  - [Civic Christians, mostly products of a public schools system that tacitly indoctrinates American children into John Dewey's philosophical pragmatism as orthodox American thought, tend to assume that whatever works is true or that we discern the truth that exists beyond ourselves by determining what works. This leads Civic Christians to semblances of humility and toleration rather than the genuine virtues.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=ugy0fKq3vY)\
  - [For Civic Christians, the validity of one's religious convictions is tested by imagining their potential ethical consequences, rather than the opposite.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=5hwSEmyv4J)\
  - [Civic Christians normally manage their dual citizenship in the church and public square by imagining them as distinct spheres with different codes of conduct and appropriate worldviews. In engagement with groups in the public square, self-interest is presupposed and notions of neighbor love is impractical. On the contrary, participation in public groups requires a realistic pragmatism that strives to maintain one's position in a perpetual power struggle with other grouups.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=vYYK157bhD)\
  - [Civic Christians presuppose that Christian convictions and practices should be intelligible and responsive to the public consensus proclaimed by contemporary intellectual and political elites. They strive to adapt their Christian convictions over time so that they conform to the "givens" of and are acceptable within the public square.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=ow24EL_eAY)\
  - [Civic Christians prioritize their civic identity over their Christian identity, the Pledge of Allegiance above their baptismal vows. Consequently, they presuppose that one rightly assesses the truth of one's religious beliefs by considering how well they support the current needs of American liberal democracy. Civic Christians are not marked by the thick habit of evaluating their religious beliefs based on how well they serve God.  ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=sBFTHqje0Z)\
  - [Civic Christians, influenced by Reinhold and H. Richard Niebuhr, Paul Tillich, Karl Rahner, and other 20th century prophets of mediation, give the name "God" to their existential hope that "there must be more." [Trace this quote from Hauerwas, Grain of the Universe, Location 1131. Is it from William James?] ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=MUtACY7Yij)\
  - [Civic Christians overcome the fundamental anxieties arising from knowledge of our death by seizing control of human destiny through religious devotion to a God who is a dynamic projection of ourselves and who always knows and adores us, justifies us, and delivers us from the finality of death. [Carter, Between W.E.B. Du Bois and Karl Barth, 86-96) ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=HMRfPvr7lC)\
  - [As far as we know, humans differ from other creatures in that we live with the knowledge that we will die. Civic Christianity arises from a fundamental human needs to overcome anxieties that arise from this knowledge - the related anxieties that we will cease to be, that our lives will have no meaning, and that we will be unknown or rejected by others.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=2jZPOyWBB6)\
  - [What passes for Christianity among Civic Christians is a life and set of practices that pretends to speak of God but actually invokes God's name to speak self-justifyingly of ourselves (Grain of the Universe, Location 1061).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=13WM74B_r_)\
  - [For Niebuhrian Christians, God expects us to do our best to live by the Golden Rule and to forgive others when they treat us poorly, but, because we aren't divine, God does not have the unrealistic expectation that we will love each other perfectly.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=1IgrEJ6ZQo)\
  - [For Niebuhrian Christians, Jesus is the name we give to the timeless sage who died in ancient times for our sins so that God will forgive us.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=v1zTUmh03E)\
  - [For Niebuhrian Christians, sin is the ancient name for the reminders that all of us miss the mark and that life only works if we forgive others and ourselves and that we ought not be surprised when others do grievous evil.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=FWNZPN6E98)\
  - [Niebuhrian Christians struggle with the ambient anxieties of life and understand the Cross as an abstract symbol of the cruciform reality all humans face. Liberal reason equips them to endure their times of cross-bearing. They embrace Jesus as the name of the one who died so that God ultimately will accept them despite all the ways they've behaved unacceptably in this life. God is the name they give to the one who must exist for them to overcome their anxiety, the one who conquers chaos, creates order, and makes life turn out well in the end.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=6v4uZuI2Yu)\
  - [Humanism, per Meririam-Webster Dictionary, is "a doctrine, attitude, or way of life centered on human interests or values especially : a philosophy that usually rejects supernaturalism and stresses an individual's dignity and worth and capacity for self-realization through reason. The Oxford Dictionary of English defines humanism as "a rationalist outlook or system of thought attaching prime importance to human rather than divine or supernatural matters." Therefore, a humanist Christian is an objectively baptized Christian who is skeptical of supernaturalism, emphasizes an individual's essential human dignity, and seeks self-realization through the liberalism of reason.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=iYgp2uynxo)\
  - [Noting that James claims "Christ's work [is] "often efficacious and antecedent [though] "really accessory and non-essential" to the goal of "joyous conviction," Hauerwas asks, "How does Christ become a nonessential belief in contrast to James's vague faith that there is "more"?"](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=X6_U52of3u)\
  - [Speaking out against White Christian Nationalism is an exercise in political theology. As such, it's an exercise in deducing the relevant ethical principles from theology and bringing them to bear in our time and place upon the particular challenge we face. Because Christian nationalisms are rooted in Constantinianism, speaking out against them presents a distinct challenge. The latter is a totalizing discourse implicating most American Christians through our Western heritage. It's hard for us to avoid being Constantinian. Constantinianism, as Stanley Hauerwas put it, is "the temptation to cast Christianity as a truth separable from truthful witness - a temptation always present in attempts to make Christianity at home in the world." The problem is that "in the name of being politically responsible, the church [can become] politically invisible." Our challenge in speaking out against White Christian Nationalism is to offer a truthful witness concerning something near and dear to American Christians so that we don't make the Church politically invisible.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=esJ-ufeluC)\
  - [Watson claims that progressivism abolished both the idea of a "fixed Constitution" and "the realm of the private and invisible."](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=REr4u4Iigg)\
  - [Just as German romantic nationalism was a reaction against the Enlightenment and Napoleon's occupying forces, progressivism was a reaction against capitalism's externalities.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=DODeDkmknQ)\
  - [American intellectuals flocked to German universities to study firsthand "state-of-the-art in governance" from Prussia's prestigious civil servants who oversaw Otto Bismark's "top-down socialism." One of the first American Ph.D's in recognition of that expertise in German administrative governance was Woodrow Willson.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=kReP9djqIe)\
  - [Following Hegel, they conceived of the state as the expression of the people and therefore, metaphorically, a spiritual person and God's most important providential instrument. Walter Rauschenbach wrote that, "Our disorganized competitive life must pass into an organic cooperative life."](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=kL7NwL8_I_)\
  - [Though American progressives were influenced heavily by German scholarship, they also created two important intellectual innovations - the social gospel and eugenics, "the belief that weeds of the unfit had to be pruned and plucked by the state."](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=lKe1dhSLd_)\
  - [The strongest influence on the progressive thinkers teachers was Darwinism. Goldberg makes a fascinating claim:](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=4vKwamlYE5)\
  - [Romanticism and Darwin's theory of natural selection influenced the German social scientists of the historical school. Consequently, they resisted liberalism's universalizing tendencies, seeing politics as evolutionary and the state in Hegelian terms as the means through which the people convey and express their freedom.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=BVa-eca5k9)\
  - [Whereas the Founding Fathers were children of the Anglo Enlightenment, the new breed of American thinkers were, in addition, students of the German counter-Enlightenment. Mostly educated in the new social sciences at elite German universities, they saw the world through the lens of the German historical school that rejected Enlightenment universalizing instincts in favor of culture-specific, contingent empirical analyses.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=qVWhq9LQji)\
  - [Americans transited into the Industrial Era by foot, train, and boat, leaving their place-centered identities on the farm in exchange for the opportunities capitalism made possible in the city. Detached from the intrinsic belongingness of agrarian life, they yearned for meaning and the security the wealthy elites enjoyed. Into this spiritual hunger, a new breed of Americans spoke, calling the nation to a new way of being, a re-founding that would satiate the people's hunger for depth and financial security.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=o7SzgSChO2)\
  - [Jennings opens with the story of Prince Henry the Navigator on 8 Aug 1444 witnessing the liturgical debarkation and auction of 235 enslaved Africans at Lagos. In thanksgiving for this evidence of divine confirmation of Portugal's vocation of saving the souls of heathen by enslaving them, Prince Henry offered a tithe to God, giving one enslaved boy to the Church at Lagos and a second to the local Franciscan convent.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=ZUuJ1d-Ald)\
  - [The original progressive reformers were mostly Christians who responded to America's transition from am agrarian to an industrialized nation by pursuing graduate study in political economy and ushering in the era of the American professional economist. For example, twenty-three of the American Economic Association's (AEA) fifty-five charter members were clergy immersed in the social gospel movement ((@leonard2016illiberal, pp. 11).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=2Dy1Mp7jDQ)\
  - [We cannot comprehend American White Christian Nationalism without comprehending the peoplehood narratives to which it responds, and we cannot understand those narratives without contemplating their own generative rebellions.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=WX8ykGrWvi)\
  - [As many scholars have noted, papal bulls Dum Diversas (1452), Romanus Pontifex (1455), and Inter Caetera (1493) granted Portugal and Spain exclusive monopolies and profits on trade in Africa and the New World along with permission to seize and enslave inhabitants of the lands they invaded in Christ's name. Portuguese and Spanish gold and silver caught the eyes of English, French, and Dutch nobles, who quickly created their own ways of financing the costs of nation-state building through participation in colonization capitalism. While other scholars have focused on the ensuing Age of Discovery, Willie Jennings invites us to lament the mutation in our Christian imagination those bulls spawned.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=okyGScXgLE)\
  - [Second, the inability of the people to prevent, recover, and respond prudently to the long depression from 1873-1896 demonstrated that the political ordering imagined by the Founders for the agrarian society of their time was incapable of dealing with the complexities of late 19th-century industrial capitalism and global markets.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=QLZu1IOrFZ)\
  - [God's covenant is an asymmetric exchange of mutually reciprocal love between the sovereign Creating God and his creatures. God's love generates Kingdom economics. In the Kingdom, all rightly ordered human labor firstmost cooperates with God to create beauty that simultaneously channels and returns God's love. It instrumentally channels God's recreating love toward one's near and distant neighbors, and it does so as the human's response to God's address. An astronaut's quest for knowledge, a surgeon's healing ministry, a neighbor's tender loving casserole, and a parent's endless cycle of diaper changing share this in common: all find and express their depth as our aesthetic channeling and return of God's love. For that reason, rightly ordered labor is never self-sacrificial, but instead a donation of love by which we respond to God's gracious presence as manifest in the ordinary and extraordinary things that sustain us.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=Qk7UALU7Rm)\
  - [Anyone who\'92s ever been crushed at the sight of a stack of dirty dishes, the discovery of yet another dirty diaper to change, or the drudgery of a task repeated too many times knows that it is easy to lose sight of the meaning of our labor. Nevertheless, the real issue is often not with the task itself but with whatever obscures our experience of God\'92s presence as we face it. Sometimes what is needed is not a different task but a different lens.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=Ssm-hB-HmX)\
  - [John Milbank sees capitalism as a Christian heresy because it displaces the covenantal gift basis that gives our labor its meaning. It replaces it with a contractual arrangement by which we exchange our labor for a wage abstracted from any neighborly relationships. Capitalism thereby strips our labor of its depth, reducing our exchange of labor from a means of grace into a means of our commodification and alienation from God.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=qbyydyk2yF)\
  - [For John Milbank, as influenced by Swiss theologian Hans von Balthasar, the surest path to participation in God's life is through participation in the beautiful, for in our encounter with the beautiful, we are touched by the universal and infinite objectively and concretely manifest in the particular.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=lZ6xXz2jYG)\
  - [Reflection on the beautiful clarifies what's at stake in the Ramist Puritan's reduction of scripture-reading from an art to a technology. By stripping the aesthetic from the encounter with the Word, they deny it of the beauty that is how the Spirit elevates us into the revelatory moment. As Stephen Long notes, commenting on John Milbank's wisdom, "Neither the true nor the good alone can adequately convey the Christian revelation: for that, the beautiful also is required."](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=uUP4a4oL_g)\
  - [Beauty reveals the infinite in and through the finite. So it is simultaneously timeless and temporal, unbound by space yet embodied in our moment. It unites us poetically through our fleeting participation in God's irruption into our mundane lives. Beauty is eternal, and our encounter is a reiteration of God's Word of love for us. Wondrously, it's that reiteration of the universal that makes it possible for us to gaze upon the beautiful and be joined transcendently with Jesus and all who, before and since, have reiterated his beauty.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=731Y-8oNo_)\
  - [We never experience beauty in general. Instead, beauty reveals herself always in a particular moment and place, embodied in a specific form our senses can detect and our minds can comprehend, evoking that\'a0eros\'a0within us that drives us always to unite with the beautiful, good, and true.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=y0dILHcBIU)\
  - [Jesus does not commission disciples to make the world turn out right. Nor does he commission disciples to police the world, ensure social justice prevails, or people behave according to strict rules of ritual, sexual, or behavioral purity. On the contrary, he commissions disciples to draw the whole world into God's fellowship by living visibly in holy friendship with  God and each other. The beauty their fellowship reiteratively creates is God's way of reconciling all creation.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=gMs7z0kjKx)\
  - [The good news of the new covenant in Jesus is not about the means through which God creates it, though some Christian fellowships tragically reduce it to that. On the contrary, the good news is that God is redeeming and sustaining God's friendship with all humans, which is constituted not by a covenant of kinship based on shared blood but by voluntary participation in a universal fellowship reiteratively created and headed by God's living and exalted Word.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=WJxdFfY1FM)\
  - [Jesus did not create a new Torah nor supersede the received Torah. He fulfilled it. Then he created a new fellowship to make his teaching known and embody his sustaining presence through their re-iterative creation of and participation in the beautiful as he had taught, and, through his Spirit, empowers them.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=gpX0g5hyc2)\
  - [Valignano similarly discerned a hierarchy of human value reflecting a people's a potential for ecclesial leadership. At the top of that list were purebred Europeans. Second were purebred Europeans born on colonial lands. Below these were half-bred Europeans. Those of great Asian or Jewish blood were disqualified.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=_FeVYwzC0q)\
  - [Valignano discerned two domains: those whom God might save and those capable of ecclesial leadership. He discerned that Africans, ranked with the converted Jews and Muslims, are incapable of conversion to the fullness of faith and are worthy only for subjugated service of all others. "... through a just though hidden judgment of God, they are left in that state of impotence and regarded as a sterile reprobate land which gives no hope of yielding fruits for a long time." Valignano discerns that Africans are reprobate and intrinsically destined for divine rejection. In contrast the Japanese and the Chinese were described as 'white races' and seen as having greater potential for the fullness of the gospel life than even 'purebread European.'](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=dO34npvcSb)\
  - [In 1580, the Jesuit vicar-general Alessandro Valignano published notes from his prior year in Japan. Jennings notes that Valignano expresses "the most decisive and central theological distortion that exists in the church," that of supersessionism . Reflecting on the Japanese, he identifies the fullness of Christian identity as European identity and excludes Jews and Muslims completely from positive relationship with Christian identity. Those poles define the boundaries within which Christian conversion is possible. Anyone converted from Judaism and Islam were already historically identified as moriscos and marranos (swine) and their Christian identity was inherently suspect, deficient, and disqualifying for leadership. Europeans, superseding Israel in embodying divine election, singularly had the capacity to discern other groups' potentials for salvation. ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=qZcHVldhFj)\
  - [Jennings notes that this move robs both the European and the African of their place-based identities, rendering them "movable, elastically stable over vastly different locations," stripping both of their connection to the created order from which they come. The tragic outcome of this is a persistent homelessness and alienation.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=i7-KVFa3Gs)\
  - [Jennings describes displacement in terms of a two-dimensional movement that displaces persons from their particular place-based identities and into new identities derived from an assessment of their distance from God. The assessment is based on two coordinates. The first is self-referential, assessing other people's beauty, strength, and potential being by comparing them to one's own people as the plumb-line. The second move is to universalize that deduction. If the chocolate-skinned African is radically different from my people and therefore aesthetically and mentally inferior, then the same most be true of those I meet as I explore the Indies whose skin is similarly darkened by the heat of the sun. A person's identity and relation to God can be assessed not based on their particularity but on their skin pigment, which, transcending geography, universally signals human value and potential.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=-cJp3x5X7g)\
  - [Jennings emphasizes the transparent union of interests on display in the papal bull. The pope's supersessionist and soteriologial radicalism whereby all peoples are reduced to "sheep bound under paternaecclesial care" is translated into a "racial radicalism" whereby the particularity of place and tongue of the people of Guinea is reduced to "many Guineamen and other negroes" who through their enslavement now may through their enslavement be "gained for Christ."](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=LFoF_O7pPD)\
  - [Jennings notes that the papal bull displaces Israel. The relation of the Church to the nations is that of Israel to the nations as mediated through the pope who dispenses the privilege of exploitation of the nations by Catholic kings and princes on God's behalf. This is supersessionism .](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=lZjRit6hbe)\
  - [Jennings emphasizes that - contra Kendi (I think) - the event narrated must not be seen merely as a moment in which we see on display a hierarchy of human value. That's present, too, but that misses the density of what's happening. What's on display is the massive scale created by the union of church, state, and market in a new way of interfacing with the world, "a framework within which the nations will interpret not only their statecraft but also the peoples they encounter through exploration and conquest."](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=cRpcn7a_2l)\
  - [Jennings emphasizes that his key focus is on the "heretical" naming of displacement of bodies and land as God's action.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=VStCHd5yrb)\
  - [Jennings describes discovery and consumption as twin operations with four simultaneous events: (1) Africans seized from their homes; (2) African land seized; (3) Africans displaced from their land; (4) Europeans name what's happened at God's action.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=l80UUY-s6u)\
  - [Jennings notes that enslavement was not the new thing on display that day. What's new is the naming of the European as God's agent of salvific displacement who providentially "stands  now between bodies and land, and he adjudicates, identifies, determines."](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=ZgSL0W1aBZ)\
  - [From that moment on, Christianity accepts as normative the practice of displacing enslaved bodies from their place-centered identities so that they might be sold at market as part of their own salvation.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=3hD52V9Zxq)\
  - [Jennings describes Zurara's account as an inadvertant passion narrative in which the enslaved's suffering is contained with Christ's suffering, thereby rightly naming the guilt of the enslavers - both church and state.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=D9Ka1VWOIV)\
  - [Jennings notes that Zurara's chronicle tells the story of the enslaved's sufferings within the greater story of their salvation, a rhetorical move that every colonial power would make in their own self-justifying narratives. "African captivity leads to African salvation and to black bodies that show the discipling power of the faith." ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=ArH84RZuj8)\
  - [Jennings frames Zurara's chronicle of his tears of pathos when witnessing the suffering of the enslaved as a pivotal moment in European history. He notes that every colonial invocation of the doctrine of Providence will henceforth be shadowed by the question raised by Zurara: "How should I understand the suffering of these Africans?"](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=ECmcziI3PM)\
  - [Fourth, humankind's relation to the land, symbolized theologically by the Promised Land, is forever distorted. The land is no longer a living and stable subject capable of shaping a people's identity; it is an object to be conquered and exploited. Human identity henceforth is no longer contained within a particular land, but within a commodified body whose collective agency is registered in a pigment and a language and whose value now varies unstably as a function of its utility.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=iQqbs6rXjr)\
  - [Third, the performance of enslavement displaces persons from their particular place-based identities and into new identities derived from an Eurocentric assessment of their distance from God. The assessment is based on two coordinates. The first is self-referential, assessing other people's beauty, strength, and potential being by comparing them to Europeans as the plumb-line. The second move is to universalize that deduction. If the chocolate-skinned African is radically different from my people and therefore aesthetically and mentally inferior, then the same most be true of those I meet as I explore the Indies whose skin is similarly darkened by the heat of the sun. A person's identity and relation to God can be assessed, therefore, not based on their particularity but on their skin pigment, which, transcending geography, universally signals human value and potential. We see the color-based hierarchy arising here, but that's not the displacement that is so damaging. The displacement is the detachment from a particularity-grounded, character-based identity and the movement to a portable identity based on an impersonal, universal attribute over which one has no control. It's the beginning of the commodification process. But this happens not merely to the enslaved, but also to the enslaver. Both are robbed of their particularity, their identity as persons connected to and shaped by particular geography and shared communal relationships with the people and creatures who share that space (Jennings 29-30). This loss of an identity grounded in enduring personal and communal relationships with the created order is devastating for all; it is dehumanizing.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=G84DRJ71OR)\
  - [Second, the Church displaces the gospel of Jesus. The kerygma is the good news of God's action to deliver humankind from bondage so that we may live in holy friendship with God and each other. The papal bull displaces the gospel with a perverse parody in which God delivers non-Europeans by seizing them from their homelands and delivering them into captivity.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=Pq4tPAYz4M)\
  - [Yet that is not where the real damage is done. The mutation that Jennings wants us to see happens to both enslaver and the enslaved in the repetitive performance of enslavement. The mutation is displacement, and the displacement is multi-dimensional. First, the Church unfaithfully displaces rather than joining the vocation of Israel. Israel's vocation is to live in such a way that all the world is invited to live in holy friendship with God and each other; the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob delivers Israel from bondage and shapes it for this reconciling vocation; the God Christians name as Father, Son, and Holy Spirit grafts Jesus-followers into Israel through its participation in Jesus' life, death, and resurrection. The pope, in his justification of the enslavement of Africans, displaces Israel, substitutes the European Church in its place, and casts Jews, Muslims, and the rest of the world in the role of Gentiles to whom Europeans are sent to save.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=mLQAxZHtwO)\
  - [From that moment on, Christianity accepts as normative the practice of displacing enslaved bodies from their place-centered identities so that they might be sold at market as part of their own salvation (Jennings, 22). But that enslavement was not the new thing on display that day. What's new is the naming of the European as God's agent of salvific displacement who providentially stands between the enslaved and their homeland as both deliverer and pedagogue. For Jennings, the naming of such displacement as God's action is heretical and blasphemous (Jennings, 24).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=sPjd9nvCDI)\
  - [The negligence of the 15th century popes is breathtaking. The theological errors are multiple. Jennings notices the irony that the Portuguese liturgical debarkation of slaves is a passion narrative that locates the pope and prince in the guilty roles of the Jewish oligarchy and Pilate, and he also notes the profound error in a pope translating Jesus' kingship over the world into a bishop's right to divide the entire world into zones of exploitation by his friends. He dwells on the pope's heretical claim that the enslaver is the providential hand of God, saving the enslaved through seizure of their lives in Jesus' name. Yet Jennings will not let us dwell there long. He wants us to move on so that we focus on the devastating mutation in the Christian imagination that such sanctioned seizure generated.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=jcEsdxgD74)\
  - [Jennings recounts the sacramental actions of Portugal's Prince Henry on 8 Aug 1444 as part of the liturgical debarkation and auction of 235 enslaved Africans at Lagos. A liturgy was appropriate because the Portuguese present believed, as Pope Nicholas IV had written, that their enslaving actions were the work of the people of God. In thanksgiving for this incarnated confirmation of Portugal's vocation to save the souls of heathen by kidnapping and enslaving them, Prince Henry offered a tithe to God, giving one enslaved boy to the Church at Lagos and a second to the local Franciscan convent (Jennings, 15-16). Jennings notes that every future colonizer's invocation of the doctrine of Providence would henceforth be shadowed by the question raised by Prince Henry's chronicler: "How should I understand the suffering of these Africans" (Jennings, 17)? Their answer is written in the justifying histories of the colonizing powers: "African captivity leads to African salvation and to black bodies that show the discipling power of the faith" (19).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=-uCrn2f1qU)\
  - [At the dawn of Europe's Early Modern era, with the English and French nobility immersed in their Hundred Years War and the Holy Roman Empire threatened by Muslim military successes from the Turks on its eastern flank and the Moors on the western flank, 15th century popes made decisions that shaped the contours of 21st century life so profoundly that we easily mistake them as part of the created order. They set in motion a mutation in Christian theology so pernicious that it erects self-contradictory hierarchies of human value within our peoplehood narratives that we often can not see except in our retrospective reviews of the destruction they cause. When the modern nation-state was born, this mutation in Christian theology was ready and waiting for carriers to take it to every continent. The first carriers were bulls transported to African shores on Portuguese caravels, where sailors loaded the seized brown and black lives whose suffering and sacrifice the bulls authorized for the glory of God.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=OC1U3PU8Nn)\
  - [Ward and his progressive reformers successfully imagined and obtained warrant for "a methodological holism suitable for America. Ward called it the 'collective mind of society.'"](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=FpamRlQnCi)\
  - [What's significant here is the creation of new narratives concerning the source and validation of peoplehood and the proper ordering of relations among peoples. The German Romantic authors generally agreed with the original French civic account about the fundamental equality of persons, and they deplored peoples who would crush other peoples (such as their French occupiers). Their substantial departure concerns their motivation and method of achieving their end. Their Romantic nationalism was entirely defensive, "destined to create a wall around the people, to act as a substitute for frontiers which could not be clearly defined either geographically or historically" (arendt1973origins, 167). Their method was to romanticize the German people who, by 1814, had resisted all attempts to gather them within a cohesive political institution. As Hannah Arendt describes it, "Out of the lack of common historical memories and the apparent apathy to common destinies in the future, a naturalistic appeal was born which addressed itself to tribal instincts as a possible substitute for what the whole world had seen to be the glorious power of French nationhood" (arendt1973origins, 165). In this early German peoplehood narrative, membership is limited based on cultural-linguistic criteria, the individual is subordinated to and expected to sacrifice his blood for the common blood, collectivism prevails concerning how the people order themselves politically, and the people relate to other peoples defensively, acknowledging the equality of other peoples while establishing walls to protect the distinctiveness of their own. ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=mJcNvYp9cM)\
  - [While Hegel recognized the importance of individual rights, he claimed the individual's most significant duty was to protect and sustain the "independence and sovereignty of the state" even at the cost of all life, liberty, and property (Hegel, Philosophy of Right, Oxford, 208-23, 297, cited by Benner, n24). ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=7HSiDVJou5)\
  - [Fichte expanded on Herder's vision, insisting, while surrounded by French occupying forces, that peoples sharing a common language have a right to self-determination and proposing that the German political identity included all who spoke the Germanic tongues from Bavaria to Holland to Scandinavia (Benner, 44-5). As French soldiers listened, he openly named the religious character of the German nationalistic narrative he espoused. The people, he said, are the temporal locus of the eternal and, as such, must protect their purity from any "admixture of, or corruption by, any alien element." Moreover, he asserted that an individual's only access to the eternal is through participation in and love of the people, and, therefore, all German speakers should sacrifice "the last drop of blood" if necessary to ensure German speakers pass the great gift of German national identity onto posterity (@miller2022NationalismBible, 133-5). ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=o56PUQJmk0)\
  - [Responding both to Kant and news of the French civic nationalism, Herder reasoned that vernacular language is the most fundamental channel of a people's political identity and therefore is the locus of the people's legitimacy: "...he who would suppress my language would rob me of my reason and way of life, and my people of honor and rights" (Benner, 42). For Herder (as with the English Model discussed above), a common language was more potent than an invader's guns. ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=pxf5oU8uQr)\
  - [That context deepens our understanding of why German Romantics rejected the French Revolution's celebratory rationalistic announcement of the discovery of inalienable individual rights and freedoms that justify a people's self-determination. Acknowledging Sapien's essential freedom, they rejected the ideas that political identity is a matter of personal choice and that universal freedoms exist apart from particular communities that create them. On the contrary, political identity is received, not created, by the individual. Its communal source transcends and fulfills the individual. The same is true of freedoms. The mature Hegel would later explain that the people's laws emancipate the individual by actualizing abstract ideas like freedom concretely through the creation of freedom's boundaries (Hegel, Philosophy of Right, \'a7 274). As I will show in a subsequent chapter, Hegel's reasoning inspired and shaped the Progressive peoplehood narrative that competes for hegemony in America's politics today.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=0kUyrTpM5C)\
  - [This German Romantic reaction was not a creation\'a0ex nihilo. Immanuel Kant, following Rousseau, set the standard for Enlightenment thinkers with his critiques of pure and practical reasons that named the Enlightened human as the rational human. That triggered\'a0Sturm und Drang, a fierce counter-Enlightenment movement from German thinkers like Friedrich Jacobi, who presciently saw that a liberalism that grounds all things in reason would lead to a cold, shallow, and lifeless world. That world ultimately would lead to "egoism," nihilism, and "such an all-destroying power that afterward no help we can imagine could bring back what has been lost once and for all" (Jacobi, Werke 2:19 in Horstmann, 80). The Sturm und Drang movement rejected Enlightenment rationality; Jacobi, for example, posited that all knowledge is revelation and faith.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=Qlkd7rcZdr)\
  - [Rousseau's preferred way of resisting exploitative aristocratic ideologies of great and rising nation-states was to counter them with appeals to inalienable universal human rights deduced through the analytical study of humankind, considered primarily at the level of the irreducible, indivisible agent, the individual, who wills peoples into existence whom themselves become the source of all sovereignty. That philosophy, which resounds in the American\'a0Declaration of Independence\'a0and the French\'a0Declaration of the Rights of Man,\'a0was music to Immanuel Kant and nonsense to other influential Germans like Johann Gottfried Herder, Johann Gottlieb Fichte, and Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel. All three, in different ways, called German speakers to resist exploitation by the Great Powers not through appeals to universal individual rights but through an insistence that political legitimacy arises not from individual consent but from the organic, evolutionary common life of particular peoples of which individuals are subordinate parts (Benner, 41-7).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=s4rShn5LPO)\
  - [A recent example of this pragmatic attribute of some nationalist narratives is the recent history of the United States in responding to a coup attempt and an authoritarian regime in Egypt during the Arab Spring rather than the democratically elected government because it was dominated by the Islamist party. The election presented a sharp tension between democracy and liberal values. The Islamic majority demos supported restrictions on individual rights for women, for example. Faced with that tension between its commitment to democracy and its commitment to liberalism, the U.S. administration prioritized liberalism and used its influence to support a military coup in favor of an authoritarian regime. RESEARCH THIS MORE](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=yFqNtM42hI)\
  - [Benedict Anderson denotes this attribute in what he calls "official nationalism," a peoplehood narrative designed and imposed by the Great Powers and their friends as a way of justifying the status quo. Anderson cites the example of Hapsburg emperor Joseph II declaring that German would replace Latin as the official language of the crumbling Hapsburg empire, even though many Hapsburg nobility did not speak German, based on a utilitarian calculus that such a move would simplify administration and unify the people without alienating the majority Magyar-speaking citizens (@anderson2006imagined, 85-115). ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=UAco3BhgGQ)\
  - [The fourth attribute follows from the assumption of access to universal reason. For Mills, the Rational Human deduces applicable principles, performs rational comparisons of costs and benefits, determines those actions which will lead to the greatest good for humanity, and performs those actions. His utilitarian ethics lead him to a pragmatic account of suffrage and the relations of peoples to other peoples that could, as noted above, justify non-democratic decisions concerning suffrage and self-determination based on the happy coincidence that's what's good for humanity turns out to be what's great for the British Empire. This emphasis on pragmatism epitomizes what Joan Lockwood O'Donovan dubs the "functional concept of the nation," an account of peoplehood that, in practice, determines cooperation with others by prioritizing rights and freedoms less than practical concerns like cultural-linguistic integrity, defense potential, social cohesion, and, most importantly, economic viability (@bartholomew2022timely, p. 639).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=P06XY7CcLk)\
  - [The third attribute is the posture it presupposes one's people rightfully takes in its engagement with other peoples. For Mills, Britain's role in India and Greece's role in Macedonia is\'a0pedagogical. Britain and Greece possess wisdom and ways of being (civilization) that India and Macedonia lack. Therefore, their proper role is to serve as pedagogues to those peoples. Mills presupposes a pedagogical stance that itself presumes and enacts a hierarchy of human value, which justifies dominance by the pedagogue people and contradicts the universal principles they teach. In the next chapter, I will address the implication of this pedagogue attribute in our peoplehood narratives.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=LeF9s7ltu8)\
  - [The second attribute is the clear identification of one's people with the exemplary 'Rational Human,' such that they provide the pattern other peoples should follow in their quest to conform to universal rationality. Mills utilitarianism presupposes the supersessionist move underlying colonialism by which one identifies one's people as the New Israel. As we shall see, this attribute is also common to many nationalisms, though, as with Mills', it often appears shorn of its religious adornments.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=EVK5ukLfqV)\
  - [It's beyond my scope to critique in depth this assumption of access to universal principles, but it is crucial to notice two things about it. First, it presupposes we can discover from study of our fellow humans the beliefs held by an abstract exemplary 'Rational Human' possessing inerrant comprehension of universal principles. In other words, it is a secular anthropocentric humanism. We will return to that humanism in a subsequent chapter. Second, its logic moves from the general to the particular, demanding that the particular progress as needed to reach conformance with the universal. To do otherwise would be irrational. This unspoken premise and logic are common to many peoplehood narratives.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=dKs_xSFsaX)\
  - [For Mills, intellection or intuition of the good is impossible for humans. All real knowledge is empirically deduced. Ethics are a matter of deducing those principles and actions that optimize the happiness of humankind. Universal reason deduces individual rights and freedoms and justifies a universal right to self-determination by civilized peoples so that they can freely construct lives based on ongoing deductions inspired by universal reason. ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=MtlRbK90zn)\
  - [The first attribute is that we see the often unstated premise, foundational to liberalism, that we are in a position to deduce and apply universal principles. Then, as in 1776-style American nationalism, Mills intertwines this premise, which I will call "the assumption of access to universal reason," with a call for democratic ordering as both its cause and\'a0telos.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=uzx2qKdu4m)\
  - [A colonial official, Mills' peoplehood narrative, while sympathetic to and informed by civic accounts of England, France, and the United States, translates the means of answering the vital nationalist questions into a patronizing utilitarian syntax. Stated clearly in his reasoning is an unapologetic binary distinction between civilized European peoples and those not sufficiently civilized to be entrusted with the sovereignty Mills sees as proper to the former. A majority should determine a people's ways of being and, as much as possible, respect the rights and freedoms of minorities. It's inappropriate for a minority European people to enjoy dominant power over a majority European people because Europeans are generally sufficiently civilized to exercise sovereignty responsibly. However, as in the case of England and India, it is for the greatest good of humanity that civilized European minorities exercise dominion over non-European majorities until such time that those majority peoples have received from the minority peoples the habits of thought and practice that render them civilized and capable of self-government (Mills, 145, 154).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=zSt7p4NieB)\
  - [](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=Lp8GyT1xZH)\
  - [In 1848, revolutions rolled across Europe, affecting over 50 countries, including France, the Netherlands, Italy, the many German states that ultimately would unite into a nation-state decades later, Denmark, and various linguistic communities within the crumbling Habsburg and Ottoman empires. Just as the 20th-century superpowers jockeyed for advantage as former European colonies gained freedom, the 19th-century Great Powers - mainly France, England, and Russia - opportunistically aided those revolutions that advanced their geopolitical aims. Inspired by those, John Stuart Mills proposed criteria for recognizing a people's legitimate claims to self-determination. In other words, he proposed measures for nation-states to evaluate the nationalist narratives told by other peoples aspiring to independent peoplehood. ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=myd1Np_wgD)\
  - [This fourth attribute is not limited to the stories we tell about our relations with other peoples. I am denoting here an ethics that drives a people's thinking about its domestic politics as well. The chief characteristic I highlight here is the utilitarian or pragmatic philosophical approach to questions concerning the relationships between persons, peoples, their political institutions, and the ends they seek. Such an ethics often is in tension with and may even contradict the stories we tell about who we are that are based on assumptions about universal rights and freedoms.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=75eUzlaVf9)\
  - [It's important to distinguish between three discursive logics pervasive in our national discourse: (1) the logic of liberalism, (2) the logic of legal argument, and (3) the logic of political rhetoric.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=O-2pC9unZu)\
  - [Liberalism seeks to derive rights in such a way that they can be described as universal claims; if one rejects the claim, one either rejects "reason itself" or unjustifiably insists on inequal rights.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=OUqmzjDGBn)\
  - [Theories concerning peoples' relative progressiveness based on social Darwinistic principles had two radicalizing effects on moderately liberal republics like the U.S., France, and Germany. First, it intensified domestic efforts to suppress and isolate minorities, as epitomized by American Jim Crow legislation that deprived formerly enslaved persons of their newly received constitutional rights and those throughout the West that prohibited marriages between races. Second, they fueled and justified efforts to recover lost international standing through empire-building aggression.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=30orYtzBF1)\
  - [Second, peoples increasingly imagined more is at stake in sharing peoplehood with other 'inferior' peoples. Political inclusion of inferior, less advanced peoples posed an existential risk to the more advanced peoples, at worst, and constrained their shared long-term competitiveness on the world stage.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=wxovHihM3U)\
  - [The quest for strategic racial superiority had two axes. First, peoples declared themselves naturally superior to neighboring peoples based on their biology. For example, Prussians claimed they should rule Austrians and Poles, and Anglo-Saxons claimed they should rule African-Americans due to their deterministic biologies.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=5jTOjTQ1bR)\
  - [In the 1880s and 90s, social Darwinism intensified racialized views and the hierarchical structuring of people. Jim Crow laws in the U.S. arose in the context of an escalated international emphasis on racial hierarchies brought about by the perception of widespread biological differences between races. Throughout the Western world, racial doctrines accelerated the radicalization of peoplehood stories as leaders increasingly imagined achieving a superior racial mix as a strategic imperative in the global competition for wealth and power.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=cCiRmBF6Ba)\
  - [Both France and Germany, for example, responded to perceptions of lost international standing, especially in comparison to Great Britain. Both were republics with strong civic nationalist narratives competing with Romantic accounts of past glories. The fusion of civic and Romantic accounts led both republics to radicalized postures toward other peoples, manifest in their late 19th-century quests to establish colonial empires comparable to Great Britain.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=6Wip1aYNj_)\
  - [19th-century radical nationalism was not an ethnic or revolutionary phenomenon. It arose in peoples committed to liberal democratic forms of self-governance like Germany and France.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=KvbNAuwsJw)\
  - [Generally, radicalized peoplehood narratives escalate efforts to unify the people through education, communications, and consolidation of the administrative function. The critical distinction between a defensive and radicalized narrative is that the latter is offensive, taking an aggressive posture toward other peoples in the form of trade, expansions of spheres of operations, and military action.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=x6KuDMrN-6)\
  - [Radical nationalisms arise from the perception of threats to a people's existence or hierarchical status.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=SwoC4Ri-hA)\
  - [The standard elements of nationalist narratives are stories of how a people is constituted, of how a person to a people, and of how the people are governed.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=8w6uDl_QFu)\
  - [O'Donovan echoes Yack's comments concerning national identity, rejecting the romanticist notion that the people pre-exist, authorize, and establish the state.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=f6fLUDaXqs)\
  - [People is the largest community relationship we have capable of inspiring consistent and inclusive widespread cooperation](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=CaY9wSdjlB)\
  - [O'Donovan, with Rogers Smith, proposes that we avoid the use of 'nation' and 'state' and instead deploy 'people' in place of nation and "a people" in place of 'nation-state'](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=-L-Y3ey5I_)\
  - [Joan O'Donovan argues for 'a concrete rendering over time of legal justice' as the best antidote to all three narratives.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=BB3YqXH9Fz)\
  - [O'Donovan deplores efforts by those espousing the civic nation concept "to purify nationalism by an ideological crusade which absorbs, and corrupts, all other practical endeavors we may have."](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=HlTqWCkGVa)\
  - [The O'Donovans agree that modern nationalism is a hybrid of civic and romantic nationalism, and conceive of the functional nation as a conceptual tool deployed by liberalism to resist this hybrid.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=T754ow1joC)\
  - [Civic nation ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=wwYfaqo-ky)\
  - [Romantic nation ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=0dlxhctC7p)\
  - [Jennings, commenting on Isaac Watt\'92s translation of psalms into English, making England the stand-in for Israel, notes the irony that biblical literacy in the common vernacular often generates nationalism and its self-justification within Scripture.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=7Da3riNWz1)\
  - [We find in Derrida's discussion of the tropologies of nationalism support for reflection on the significance of place-based identities. Community is "the place for an essential gathering," and such gathering is "what is most essentially proper to humanity."](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=GlcmE1Y1on)\
  - [Nationalism speaks of itself as a universal "we" with a universal telos, though, in fact, the "we" denotes a particular ethnocultural community. ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=GgxtoJwY_t)\
  - [The ambiguity in nationalism lies in the topology not of the land but of the people, the ethnic community who validates the state's political boundaries.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=jcUKggH_Lq)\
  - [Nationalism is the idea that the conformity of a state's boundaries and dominion to the space of a particular cultural community determines that state's political validity.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=80yBl3E-3b)\
  - [All nationalisms are paradoxical in that they are simultaneously simple and ambiguous principles. As Maddalena Cerrato notes, in spite of nationalism's substantive ambiguity, its surface simplicity "seems to be the very key to its incredible power to command political legitimacy."](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=QXT3hCNnOV)\
  - [Cerrato borrows Derrida's concepts of topology and tropology and applies them as a way of understanding nationalism. Topology is about the organization of spaces and their meanings, whereas tropology is about the displacement of meaning from one place to another. Her plan is to tease out Derrida's analysis of nationalism in terms of "the tropical constitution of the place of the nation as site of a return."](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=C3bxmVR9_7)\
  - [Her analysis is based on Derrida's lecture series called Philosophical Nationality and Nationalism of 1984-88.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=IcQmYVQU6r)\
  - [She offers "Benedict Anderson's term, nation-ness" as a way of speaking of nationalism and nationality.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=KoOagwaFwo)\
  - [Finally, free discourse lost its connection to our quest for the common good and became playing fields for identity politics.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=axJG7ZC_jV)\
  - [Third, natural right was reinvented, no longer imagined in terms of communities but as a shield of individual rights. Equality, once understood as contextualized by differentiated claims of communities, mutated into a vision of atomized individuality, "suspicious of any form of non-reciprocal relation."](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=uHYkG2L6SX)\
  - [Second, by stripping the juridical function of judges guided by and accountable to divine sovereignty, judgment lost its transcendent evaluative criteria, rendering mercy incoherent.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=0LtvNFlPno)\
  - [First, Christian freedom was stripped of the communal moorings that generated its depth, and, reduced to reified voluntarism, mutated into the source of all political authority as manifested in "the myth of the social contract."](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=o-Uw61ydSQ)\
  - [O'Donovan tells a declension narrative that locates the end of Christendom at the passage of the First Amendment to the United States Constitution. The descent from Christian Liberalism begins with a new anthropology that reifies an "abstract will," re-defining the human as primordially and essentially voluntaristic, with the will preceding reason in origin. Humans are self-created, the inventors of rationality, and the masters who construct an orderly world out of chaos by willing the good and then reasoning what they will until beauty and order arise out of nothing.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=BVFC1zJjQu)\
  - [As part of the development of constitutional principles, Christian thinkers imagined the right, need, basis, and process for removing leaders who failed to obey divine sanction and ruled despotically.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=eXljyaVoIi)\
  - [Second, Christian thinkers moved in three phases toward the imagination of a liberal constitutional order. The first step in this was the recognition of a universal government by a ruler subordinated to the universal rule by God over all the world. The second step was the imagination that the divine sovereignty was manifest in kings on the basis of God's election rather than attributes like tribe, race, or language. The third step was the creation and differentiation of a species of law regulating the structures of political order that eventually became known as constitutional law.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=PwQnXiEhCx)\
  - [This pivot in understanding government's role led to advances that set the stage for the birth of liberal democracy. First, as O'Donovan put it, Europeans discerned that "all law derives from the will of God; all law is one; all secular rulers are subject to law."](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=fumxvKXr9J)\
  - [The consequence of this discovery of eschatological responsibility is a reboot of the Church's view of government's role, per O'Donovan. After the reboot, government's role in the secular era is to execute the juridical function "exclusively" for the purpose of supporting the Church's mission.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=kgZqbcPtlT)\
  - [O'Donovan sees this concept of the eschatological responsibility of rulers as the chief impact of the gospel on Europe during Christendom.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=UYRAAs34hx)\
  - [This eschatological dispensation therefore confronts all rulers with a binary choice of eternal significance. Either they will accept Christ's reign and rule in such a way that they are a means of grace or they will reject his reign and rule in the self-destructive delusion that they are accountable only to themselves.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=Qm7acwFDfJ)\
  - [O'Donovan extends the Apostolic Fathers, Augustine, and Luther in their understanding of the authority under which rulers rule by asserting that Christ's sovereign claim on them is here and now; they do not serve merely as interims until he returns but rather is already the exalted Lord and King.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=XIKqYP_tgN)\
  - [O'Donovan's political theology is grounded in the claim that rulers are not responsible merely in an abstract way to obey God in general; instead, they are specifically responsible to acknowledge Jesus Christ as King of Kings even as they rule between times.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=5EtwjwTKcw)\
  - [The fourth salient impact of the gospel on liberal society was its commitment to "free discourse", what Yoder called the "Rule of Paul." For O'Donovan, the possibility that the prophetic Word might be voiced by any person was grounded in the Hebrew Scriptures (Citing DN, pp. 269, 73-80).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=m28eOnWLKg)\
  - [The third salient feature of liberal society is the conception of natural right from which numerous natural rights are derived. Chaplin quotes four (DN, pp.262-8):](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=Dc1ba-nTwP)\
  - [The second of the four salient features of liberal society is its capacity to moderate government's juridical actions with mercy.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=tONroe08Gc)\
  - [The Christian claim that the individual's duty is first to God and not to any human authority sets the boundaries of governmental reach, beyond which individuals are personally responsible to Christ.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=X_XF_mpg0Z)\
  - [Christian freedom is not about individualism for it presupposes human identity is intrinsically social. It's not about individual's reclaiming a lost authority over their lives, but about the liberty that arises from the recognition of Jesus' superior claim over all created structures of authority.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=ydSgSA3dSZ)\
  - [The Christian doctrine of freedom spawned modernity's concept of "civil freedom." Importantly, Christian freedom presupposes a supreme authority that relativizes all earthly authorities which are seen as provisional.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=fBXRoJ3OaV)\
  - [O'Donovan celebrates Europe Christianity's "enduring character" that reflects the four-fold narrative structure of the theodrama. The literary structure of DN intentionally imitates this, with the chapters of "advent, passion, restoration, and exaltation" finding their analogs in European Christian society's practices of "freedom, merciful judgment, natural right, and openness to speech." These, in turn, have their analog in four essential ecclesial practices of "gathering," "suffering," gladness, and prophecy. ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=iC8hqJ--97)\
  - [O'Donovan's Augustinian critique of modernity centers on its "denial of transcendence... assertion of the primacy of subjective will and a salvific pursuit of the technological domination of nature," all of which the Word of God judges negatively.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=g643Dz5di6)\
  - [Chaplin focuses on this quote, using it as the basis for his review of DN (455).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=7ByJkKMW77)\
  - [Chaplin says O\'92Donovan\'92s response to modern liberalism is to rescue and nourish an understanding of authority grounded in what O\'92Donovan calls \'91the legacy of Christendom.\'92 In contrast with the modernity he criticizes, he champions what he variously calls \'91early-modern liberalism\'92 or \'91Christian liberalism.\'92 He sees this ethno-tradition as \'91the triumph of Christ in liberal institutions\'92 (453-4).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=OwDFrhfisl)\
  - [Like the ecclesial ethicists (Chaplin names Hauerwas), O\'92Donovan believes our political theology and ethics must flow from ecclesiology, but, unlike them, he does not see the existence of Christocentric communities as constitutive of their political witness (454).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=DNFxb0QX1P)\
  - [Chaplin describes O\'92Donovan\'92s political thought as a movement from gospel to church to world; its \'93essential shape\'94 moves from the good news of the resurrection to God\'92s creation of the Church to witness to Jesus\'92 kingship and to summon the world to hear and obey God\'92s Word expressed through Jesus (453).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=xWBpN5CHo0)\
  - [Bretherton begins his book by describing its ambitious project. First, he asks about the relationship between the Church, place, and identity, a question Willie Jennings asks as well in his The Christian Imagination: Theology and the Origins of Race. Second, he seeks to understand the relationship between the Church and "civil society, the market, and the state." These relationships, he postulates, dominate our politics. Addressing our struggles to sustain a healthy politics requires that we understand the boundaries of church and state, church and community, and church and market.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=tkuazQSdGv)\
  - [Community is essential to human identity & flourishing.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=z6pA6_Yh7J)\
  - [A\'a0Nation\'a0(or\'a0People) is a community, not a society. It is a community constituted as an acephalous, amorphous web of communities whose relation is generated and sustained by a shared ethnic-social foundation in a treasured land, history, tradition, and collective consciousness (@maritain1998man,5-8).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=qnt3inKsgR)\
  - [In contrast, the shared object that generates a\'a0society's\'a0social identity and cooperation is rational, voluntary, and spiritual. The creation of a society is deliberative, and the free consent of its members precedes participation in its cooperative work. Society consciousness is primarily personal and generated by the person's and group's shared commitment to an idea or cause. Groups - such as businesses, labor unions, scholarly guilds, and political associations - based on shared ideas, visions, missions, or ends are societies (@maritain1998man, 2-4).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=hL5lFytc7o)\
  - [A\'a0community\'a0is distinct from a society. The common object that generates a community's social identity and cooperation is pre-rational and pre-voluntary in that it is received by and exists independently of the person. Community consciousness is primarily collective and generated by heredity, geographic, and historical context, and persons receive community identities as givens. Groups based on shared habitat, region, origin, language, socioeconomic class, and caste are communities (@maritain1998man, 2-4).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=9Xxckf8wOU)\
  - [The State is a society created by the body politic, an agency specializing in the art of promoting the common good, maintaining the law to which the people covenant to be bound, and administering the body politic's affairs. As such, it is not the head of body politic, but its instrument, invested with authority solely for the purpose of and as required by the common good.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=oe6QpjNp_C)\
  - [The Body Politic spawns an intrinsically pluralistic national community, containing all the nation's communities, including families, ecclesial bodies, cultural, educational, and economic institutions. ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=dSxvqOVhsS)\
  - [The Body Politic is a society humans create for cooperative work towards the common good. Its form is not a social contract but a covenant in which persons mutually pledge their lives in civic friendship, committing to work toward the common good, united by devotion to the Body Politic and the justice and rule of law that are its ends.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=XVXHnid8uI)\
  - [Both the Body Politic and the State are societies, not communities. In the vernacular they are often used interchangeably, but in political theology it is important to distinguish between them.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=C08WnRaNv6)\
  - [When the Nation is confused with the State, or when the dubious ideological claim is made that each national community is entitled  to and must strive to create its own state, both Nation and State are distorted. Or a particular national community within the Nation is divinized and its claims to power are rendered absolute while other communities are marginalized. Or the people identify the State with the Nation and invite the State to enforce by law the primacy of one of its constituent national communities over all others, and thereby regresses into a totalitarian state.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=ZnzQ1giDLT)\
  - [The nation may not occupy its treasured land; its connection to that shared land may be a memory or a hope, but it is nonetheless generative of the nation's collective consciousness.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=wxeGmHihue)\
  - [The nation is a community, not a society. It is a community constituted as an acephalous, amorphous web of communities whose relation is generated and sustained by a shared ethno-social foundation in a treasured land, history, tradition, and collective consciousness.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=OGJGpyDGSU)\
  - [In contrast with community, the common object that generates a society's social identity and cooperation is rational, voluntary, and spiritual. Creation of a society is deliberative and participation in its cooperative work is preceded by the free consent of the society's members. Society consciousness is primarily personal and generated by one's' commitment to an idea or cause.  Groups - such as businesses, labor unions, scholarly guilds, and political associations - based on shared ideas, visions, missions, or ends are societies.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=6FYIC0yUex)\
  - [A community is distinct from a society. The common object that generates a community's social identity and cooperation is pre-rational and pre-voluntary in the sense that it is received by and exists independently of the person. Community consciousness is primarily collective and generated by heredity, geographic, and historical context and is received by persons as givens in their lives. Groups based on shared habitat, region, origin, language, socioeconomic class, and caste are communities.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=CPIdpvV4Jq)\
  - [To differentiate between nation, body politic, and state, we must first clarify the distinction between community and society.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=p4B6fZr9yC)\
  - [In political theology, we must differentiate between nation, body politic, and state because their confusion fuels competition for dominant power.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=yztUL8s8TC)\
  - [In the vernacular, nation, body politic, and state validly are used interchangeably](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=xwsD4TVgGB)\
  - [The\'a0State\'a0is a society created by the Body Politic, an agency specializing in promoting the common good, maintaining the law to which the people covenant to be bound, and administering the body politic's affairs. As such, it is not the head of the Body Politic but its instrument, invested with authority solely for and as required by the common good (@maritain1998man, 12-3).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=Y2iakiTkdL)\
  - [The\'a0Body Politic\'a0is a society humans create for cooperative work towards the common good. Its form is not a social contract but a covenant in which persons mutually pledge their lives in civic friendship, committing to work toward the common good, united by devotion to the Body Politic and the justice and the rule of law that are its ends.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=9XgVBmSTbT)\
  - [Contemporary progressives have often been lambasted for the cultivation of a cancel culture that challenges liberalism's premises concerning free speech. Yet cancel culture historically has been a feature, not a defect, in the progressive narrative. The boundaries of free speech are not fixed constitutionally but are instead a pragmatic question of one's historical moment. Woodrow Wilson's Sedition Act, for example, banned written or spoken speech deigned to be "disloyal, profane, scurrilous, or abusive" concerning the Wilson administration or the military, and it authorized Postmaster General Albert-Sidney Burleson to terminate the mailing privileges of any publication he determined to breech that standard. Burleson fulfilled that mandate by setting outside the boundaries of free speech any language that opposed the American entry into the Great War or the administration's purposes or motives for entering the war, that suggested that the Wilson administration is "the tool of Wall Street or munitions-makers" or that opposed the conscription of men into the war (@Brands2001Strange, p. 40). The Wilson administration shutdown seventy-five periodicals, prosecuted journalists and editors, deterred others with the threat of putting them out of business, and denied mailing privileges to over four hundred publications in 1918, including the Nation, the Public, the Freeman's Journal and Catholic Register, and the New Republic (@goldberg2008liberal, p. 113). In the progressive nationalist account, freedom of speech is properly a contingent pragmatic question, not a fixed liberal and constitutional imperative.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=HoERbII1Mp)\
  - [Eugenics was perhaps the most tragic progressive social engineering experiment that faith might have precluded. Inheriting the American nationalist narrative that presupposed the supersessionist, elected, superior, and pedagogic posture of Europeans in the encounter with other peoples, progressive reformers uncritically reasoned that Europeans - contextually represented as white Americans - were more developmentally advanced peoples that non-Whites. Given that premise, they reasoned that the American people's flourishing would be optimized by social engineering experiments aimed at maximizing its 'productive' White population and minimizing the populations of all others. In 1911, New Jersey Governor Woodrow Wilson signed the state's forcible sterilization laws and 75% of other American governors soon passed their own versions (@lombardo2011century), and the U.S. Supreme Court, in its Buck v. Bell (1927) opinion joined by self-styled progressives William Howard Taft, Louis Brandeis, and Oliver Wendell Holmes, ruled that the same principles that empowered states to require vaccinations also was "broad enough to cover cutting the Fallopian tubes" (@leonard2016illiberal, p. 114). In 1882, America barred Chinese immigration and naturalization, and, in 1921, passed a stringent national-origins quota that slashed immigration by Roman Catholics, Orthodox Christians, and Jews from southern and eastern Europe by 97 percent. The same act barred all immigration from the Middle East and the Asian continent (@leonard2016illiberal, p. 141). Through economic reforms, labor, immigration, and involuntary sterilization laws, progressive nationalism justified social engineering aimed at ensuring Americans flourish by maximizing our White population.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=csuq6kSSDJ)\
  - [Progressive nationalism arose from the late-19th century fusion by American intellectuals of social Darwinism, philosophical Pragmatism, and Hegelianism (@watson2020progressivism, p. 5). Since that fusion led to the belief that biology disproved claims that transcendent values or God guide the development of peoples, progressive reformers were religiously open to experiments that might help the people flourish that faith might have preempted decades earlier.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=Buun6c2tRO)\
  - [Fifth, progressive reformers reasoned that, because there are no transcendent values, the rightness of one's claims about reality and ethics is always historically contingent on one's particularity. Truth and morality claims are contextually relative. Therefore, how we ordered society in the past made sense then, but has no bearing now on the moral imperative for the people to grow and change governance structures and norms as needed to thrive in the present. ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=FX3VZfH52c)\
  - [Fourth, as with the mythical invisible hand, Darwinism implies that skepticism is warranted toward liberalism's universal principles and all ethical systems that are grounded in the concept of transcendent values. Given no such transcendent values exist, Pragmatism grounds ethics and policy instead in warranted assertability. The only moral absolute is that one should do that which can be demonstrated empirically to lead to flourishing.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=1x1yRf_M1X)\
  - [Third, Darwinism falsified the popular myth of Adam Smith's "invisible hand" that providentially guides free markets to efficient frontiers of human flourishing. Markets are historical and contingent phenomena that require state intervention to safeguard the people's welfare and progress toward the people's prosperity.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=2zIzN16yxN)\
  - [Key events spawned the progressive moment, which, though informed by German idealism via Hegel, was a distinctly American invention. First, Darwin's 1859 publication of his Origin of Species rocked not just the biological guild but the philosophical world. For natural selection and evolutionary development implied, for philosophers like William James and John Dewey and many they influenced, that the Enlightenment concepts of the equality of all persons and their natural and inalienable human rights and freedoms have no basis in historical fact. On the contrary, inequalities in intelligence and power among and across races are empirically obvious and biologically grounded. While, with John Stuart Mill, they agreed that a people might determine on utilitarian grounds that the greatest good would be achieved by  organizing itself to grant such rights and freedoms, they insisted that it could also, on those same grounds, choose to limit individual rights and freedoms in service of the greatest good.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=Er5TqiISbb)\
  - [Today, many Americans identify the progressive peoplehood story with the Left, but that's mistaken. The progressive narrative has historically nourished politics on both sides of the aisle depending upon the question presented. In the 1912 presidential election, William Howard Taft and Teddy Roosevelt fought for the progressive brand on the conservative side, while Woodrow Wilson defeated both from the Left, becoming our first progressive president. What makes one progressive is not one's policy preferences, but one's premises concerning the extent to which those policies are constrained by a fixed vs. living constitution, and by boundaries of privacy and religious faith.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=iAFjZCD7vO)\
  - [Those who oppose contemporary progressive narratives with appeals to the Founding Fathers, Lincoln, and constitutional order would do well to remember that the original progressive reformers understood themselves to be ushering in a second founding moment, a re-founding of America necessitated by the advent of the Industrial Age. The progressive reformers were neither forgetting the Constitution nor in need of a civics lesson. On the contrary, they rejected Lincoln's constitutional republicanism as a quaint relic of a bygone era, an era eclipsed by the more complex needs of industrial capitalism, the interdependence of global markets, and the arrival of scientific theories that rendered obsolete ethics and structures based on eternal, transcendent values.  ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=iUKiXk25IB)\
  - [The first generation of progressive reformers were born into and lived their entire lives immersed in a predominantly Anglo-Protestant culture that took for granted inalienable natural rights and the providential nature of the invisible hand that translated individual self-interest into societal flourishing.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=ZH9s0Yv3No)\
  - [Four major intellectual influences drove the reformers to see the social and economic sectors as a whole that is greater than the sum of its part - the theory of holism. First, the German Historical School emphasized that a people is itself an organism, and greater than the persons that constitute it. Second, Darwinism apparently falsified the doctrine of natural rights. Third, the social gospel stressed the prioritization of social justice rather than the salvation of individual souls. Finally, the rise of philosophical Pragmatism justified the discarding of old ways and embrace of new ways based on a thing's measurable utility (@leonard2016illiberal, pp. 21-2).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=Ga4tiRWRAF)\
  - [The progressive nationalist strand in contemporary American politics is entrenched in our jurisprudence, universities, the arts, and media. Pundits today often suggest that is a recent phenomenon, but progressivism's birth followed shortly after and because of the birth of our land grant universities and progressivism's dominance of the professions followed organically from that connection.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=Uaco_skc1U)\
  - [A progressive perspective is itself the corrective that is essential to the people's survival.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=lFNxK3dEBb)\
  - [Both social Darwinism and Pragmatism were informed by Darwin's concepts of "organism, environment, and adaptation."](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=aXVPBbRntJ)\
  - [Watson describes progressivism as the fusion of two historicist accounts of humanity - social Darwinism and Pragmatism.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=RVCwmFSdBB)\
  - [Progressivism is aptly described as a rejection of Lincolnesque civic republicanism that aims toward transcendent values by constraining our common life within the boundaries of a fixed constitution, and as an embrace of a "progressive constitutionalism."](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=dqOnpTCLPM)\
  - [Lincoln, like Edmund Burke, valued highly the lessons of history and the importance of moving in continuity with one's history. As a consequence, he had a keen awareness of human propensity for sin and our tendency to do evil as well as good. It's in that context and with the concern that we move toward evil rather than the good that we understand the state's vital role in protecting natural rights.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=lR6Q0bmMdj)\
  - [Lincoln's rhetoric epitomized the peoplehood narrative that sees the Constitution as the safeguard of natural pre-political rights.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=XkfVF5XOh7)\
  - [We understand progressivism only by contemplating the object of its rebellion which was constitutional republicanism as exemplified by Lincoln.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=C1HbnhsrbU)\
  - [It's notable that all three 1912 presidential candidates competed for the "progressive" brand.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=HzAyMSBQ72)\
  - [Lincoln, in his Speech at Chicago, July 10, 1858 in Reply to Senator Douglas, linked the framers' intentions concerning the liberties of individuals and states in such a way that the concerns for constitutional order, preservation of the union, and eventual extinction of slavery were all means of securing those liberties. The people, both individually and collectively as states, rightly honor each's diversity, but the "vast moral evil" (@lapsley2019, 755) of enslavement is not on the list of things to be tolerated throughout the land.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=_BwPVHnzNr)\
  - [Lincoln's ranking of his priorities in 1854 were constitutional order and preservation of the union, with the natural right of self-governance a tertiary concern.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=SuR5OY6AHF)\
  - [Lincoln's legislative career reflects the approach of one who saw slavery as a distant evil that would eventually die and who consequently invested his creative energies on mundane matters like "internal improvements, banking, and education." He asserted he was "astounded" by the passage of Stephen Douglas' Kansas-Nebraska Act.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=Uj-Mc6vWEv)\
  - [Lincoln felt constrained by what he perceived to be constitutional protections of slavery, thus putting his primary values in conflict, with liberty at odds with the priorities of constitutional order and preservation of the union.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=M8vxzuX-mk)\
  - [Lincoln grew in his political vision from his days as a young Whig legislator to his candidacy for national office, eventually establishing the primacy of three values: preservation of the union, constitutional order, and universal liberty.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=g9xWmGpmSj)\
  - [Rogers Smith sees a comparison of Lincoln's and Obama's experiences as instructive in comparing the relative strengths of their nationalist narratives in creating structural space for cultural diversity.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=p1GSi7ebMI)\
  - [In contrast, Obama's peoplehood account did not, and perhaps could not, give rise to a non-negotiable strategic objective, ultimately produced a broad array of compromises short of his vision and several unilateral executive orders by which he imposed his vision when negotiations with Congress failed.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=NuV2--q7Bb)\
  - [Lincoln's peoplehood account gave rise to a strategic objective that he ultimately considered non-negotiable and shared with his party as its north star - the abolition of enslavement as a practice tolerated within the United States.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=_eWQNrElR5)\
  - [Obama centered his campaign on the claim that Americans should strive to embody the conception of unity and diversity symbolized by the motto, "e pluribus unum," and work cooperatively without requiring homogeneity.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=b3T6fIwjRB)\
  - [Lincoln centered his campaign on the claim that Americans should strive to embody the conceptions of unity and diversity imagined in the Declaration of Independence.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=p1mnEZ5Rlp)\
  - [Both presidents made particular nationalist narratives concerning how Americans should manage our diversity the centerpieces of their first campaigns.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=VuLtdsMV-u)\
  - [Obama intentionally evoked and associated himself with Lincoln in his 2007 address announcing his candidacy for president at the Old State Capitol in Springfield, Illinois because Lincoln epitomized the struggle to overcome America's contradiction of our founding principles.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=FSIGodlwtc)\
  - [Lincoln's Cooper Union speech had a lot at stake because Republicans had been embarrassed by John Brown's raid.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=slYhhQ7pkp)\
  - [Douglas sold the Kansas-Nebraska Bill under the banner of "popular sovereignty" and letting "democracy prevail" which was a doctrine of self-determination concerning enslavement rights.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=xoOw760zgu)\
  - [ Like the framers', Lincoln's nationalist narrative described a people in which "each individual is naturally entitled to do as he pleases with himself and the fruit of his labor, so far as it in no wise interferes with any other man's rights; that each community as a State has a right to do exactly as it pleases with all the concerns within that State that interfere with the right of no other State; and that the General Government, upon principle, has no right to interfere with anything other than the general class of things that does concern the whole" (@lapsley2019, 752-3). By linking the Declaration to the Constitution as its inspiration and describing America as a people dedicated to the proposition that all humans are equal, Lincoln named our country as something not yet achieved (rorty1999achieving), an experiment constantly on the way toward the framers' vision.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=xFgrPLSASW)\
  - [He resolved that tension by linking the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence, claiming that the framers understood the Constitution to be the practical application of the principles embodied in the Declaration. Douglas promoted the bill under the banner of popular sovereignty, declaring that each territory's right to self-determination gave it the right to determine if it would permit slavery. Passage of the bill would let "democracy prevail." Lincoln turned those claims on their head, revealing their cynical semblance. He argued "that no man is good enough to govern another man,\'a0without that other's consent,"\'a0and that "popular sovereignty and democratic rule only exist where there is equality"\'a0(@schultenbarack, p. 810). By 1858, as the nation careened toward civil war, Lincoln linked the framers' intentions concerning the liberties of individuals and states in such a way that the concerns for constitutional order, preservation of the union, and eventual extinction of slavery were all means of securing those liberties. The people, both individually and collectively as states, rightly honor each's diversity, but the evil of slavery is not on the list of things to be tolerated throughout the land (@marback2016lincoln, p. 31). Ultimately, Lincoln found the linkage he sought embedded in the Constitution itself, implied by its statement of purpose to form "a more perfect union," a union "conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal." It was always the framers' intention that the people realize liberty for all and abolish slavery, and therefore the people rightly extinguish the institution within the boundaries of the rule of law to which all pledge commitment.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=BljQaWwHyg)\
  - [However, the Kansas-Nebraska Act threatened the union because it would expand slavery, which Congress had said it would never be allowed. Since slavery was an institution increasingly seen as an intolerable evil by the northern states, while seen as essential by the southern states, slavery's extension made intense interregional conflict likely. Yet, at first glance, the Constitution seemed to allow what Douglas proposed, and Lincoln's commitment to the rule of law would require him to support what he saw as a "vast moral evil" (@lapsley2019, 755). Lincoln's most significant contribution to American intellectual thought arose from his creative way of resolving these tensions (@schultenbarack, p. 810; @marback2016lincoln, p.27).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=mJjDzDHv-O)\
  - [He cherished the sanctity of a people ruled and bound together by their shared commitment to their constituting law.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=KKOUJOALWe)\
  - [He valued the union, seeing it as a sacred duty of all citizens to preserve the peoplehood created by the Constitution's framers.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=G8MiO-89pO)\
  - [Lincoln had always believed slavery was immoral.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=GBwYvi9EUW)\
  - [The challenge for Lincoln as he began to contest his fellow Illinoisan's plan to extend slavery was to hold together his primary values. But, unfortunately, they seemed to be incompatible in the case of the Kansas-Nebraska Act:](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=IWPBAxA5x4)\
  - [The challenge for Lincoln as he began to contest his fellow Illinoisan's plan to extend slavery was to hold together his primary values. They seemed to be incompatible in the case of the Kansas-Nebraska Act. First, Lincoln had always believed slavery was immoral. Second, he valued the union, seeing it as a sacred duty of all citizens to preserve the peoplehood created by the Constitution's framers. Third, he cherished the sanctity of a people ruled and bound together by their shared commitment to their constituting law. However, the Kansas-Nebraska Act threatened the union because it would expand slavery where Congress had said it would never be allowed. Given that slavery was an institution increasingly seen as an intolerable evil by the northern states, while seen as essential by the southern states, slavery's extension made intense interregional conflict likely. Yet, at first glance, the Constitution seemed to allow what Douglas proposed, and Lincoln's commitment to the rule of law would require him to support that which he saw as a "vast moral evil" (@lapsley2019, 755). Lincoln's greatest contribution to American intellectual thought arose from his creative way of resolving these tensions (@schultenbarack, p. 810; @marback2016lincoln, p.27).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=Jk5VTjMp2m)\
  - [Lincoln evolved his synthesis in response to his shock at Stephen F. Douglas' Kansas-Nebraska Act. With the 1820 Missouri Compromise, Congress prohibited the extension of slavery in the remaining unorganized territory of the Louisiana Purchase. Yet, the Kansas-Nebraska bill proposed to repeal the Missouri Compromise and make slavery a local option for all the states carved out of what remained of the Louisiana Purchase in 1854, a territory of more than a million square miles. Lincoln's legislative career before the bill's introduction had been mundane, focusing on roads, education, banking, and other local matters. However, Douglas' proposed expansion of slavery astounded and galvanized Lincoln because he had been "all the time in the belief that slavery was in course of ultimate extinction" (@lapsley2019, p. 751).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=213P3PALxF)\
  - [Before Lincoln's rhetorical achievement, the connection between the Declaration and the Constitution was an uncommon emphasis. Wilson may be historically correct in his insistence that we properly read the Declaration by focusing on the parts after the preamble and ignoring the preamble's claims about natural rights as, at best, historically contingent rhetoric inapplicable to posterity (@schultenbarack, p. 811; @pestritto2008american, locations 117-8). Nevertheless, Lincoln linked the two to help Americans imagine how to achieve his three highest priorities simultaneously: to preserve our union, remain a people committed to the rule of law, and manage our growing diversity. His synthesis is instructive for our current struggles.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=AMeBYsfJYT)\
  - [Woodrow Wilson, convinced that America needed a second founding, an intellectual re-boot into a peoplehood narrative suitable to the post-Darwin scientific age and the Industrial Age, insisted that "we are not bound to adhere to the doctrines held by the signers of the Declaration of Independence." Like Senator Stephen F. Douglas before him, Wilson had to dismiss the Declaration because Abraham Lincoln eloquently and compellingly made it the key to interpreting our Constitution. As far as Douglas and Wilson were concerned, "the proposition that all men are created equal" was an obstacle to progress (Lincoln,\'a0Gettysburg Address). Yet, despite Wilson's deconstructive efforts, Lincoln's most outstanding contribution to American intellectual thought continues. Lincoln's vision of our civic union remains the standard way we introduce American schoolchildren and immigrants to our founding documents and their American identity. Just as in Lincoln's and Wilson's times, the polarization of our contemporary discourse arises from the alternative ways the major competing narratives tell the story of our founding documents.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=sOcHCDrklm)\
  - [Now that we've imagined a rightly ordered people, we are in a position to consider the question of a people's relationship to the political institutions that govern their covenantal life. That brings us, at last, to a discussion of nationalisms. I use the plural form of the noun because, with John Hall and Florian Bieber, I conclude that 'nationalism' is, for good reasons, a contested term. Because of its association with virulent ideologies such as Nazi Fascism and peoples shedding imperialism through bloody revolutions after World War II, Western scholars often define the term pejoratively. I contend that theology needs to rehabilitate words like nation and nationalism because they denote tools we create to foster large-scale communal cooperation that is a providential good when rightly ordered. In any given community, multiple peoplehood narratives often compete in the public square as part of the people's dialectical tradition-shaping (@bieber2020debating, p. 11). The narratives evolve with the histories of the peoples who tell them. It's not right to posit nationalism as the evil twin of patriotism. Instead, for reasons that will become clear below, it's crucial for theology to name nationalisms as providential goods that we create and distinguish between well-ordered and disordered nationalisms.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=W1D2hrdjdo)\
  - [The Romantics, in contrast, sought a synthesis. On the one hand, they continued the Enlightenment emphasis on the independent rational dissection of objects, beliefs, and actions as a means of seeking enduring principles that help us flourish. On the other hand, they prioritized aesthetics and imagination as our primary means of receiving that which transcends and fulfills our humanity. In opposition to two alternative accounts concerning how humans know and unite with the good, the German Romantics insisted that humans can neither be pure rationality nor pure faith; instead, the truly enlightened person is simultaneously rational and passionate.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=pPI_riYrop)\
  - [Mills' criteria share the hallmarks of civic nationalism. A people consists of persons bound by "common sympathies...which make them cooperate" more with each other than others. They desire to create their own government. Being part of a people is one of the most important choices an individual may make, and "the question of government ought to be decided by the governed" (Mills, 142). At first glance, Mills seems to embrace more of an American than French-style civic nationalism, for both the formation of a government and individual rights and freedoms are described in social contract terms. Romantic concerns like a common descent, language, religion, and shared history are generative but not essential or sufficient for the creation of a people. But, having set forth civic nationalist norms, Mills then sets alongside them, with greater weight, pragmatic concerns. Because of difficulties in sustaining equitable governance of plural peoples with shared political identity, the boundaries of political institutions ideally ought to match the contours of a single people (Mills, 143). But other concerns make that impractical. Mills set forth something like a decision tree of practical considerations by which England could discern what level of autonomy each of its dependencies should be allowed and when self-determination by peoples should be encouraged and respected. Cultural, linguistic, and geographic factors are important, but so too is the readiness of a people for self-government in the form of the English Model. As in his teleological economic theories, so, too, it is in Mills' domestic and international politics: nations are always to optimize the utility of the 'human race,' and make decisions strictly on a pragmatic consideration of the greatest good.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=qmhBv9ejj6)\
  - [Darwin published his\'a0Origin of Species\'a0in 1859. Darwin's theory of evolution offered scientific evidence disproving Enlightenment claims of natural rights because of the devastating blow it dealt to assumptions of divine intelligent design of the created order. If humans evolved from apes, how could there be such a thing as a natural right? Darwin consequently supported the German Romantics in rejecting Rousseau's account of civic unions based on inalienable natural rights. That led to three enormously consequential changes in nationalist narratives:](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=k-eLtXWpOF)\
  - [Throughout the 19th century, German, French, English, Spanish, Italian, Pole, Slavic, Magyar, Czech, Romanian, and other peoples experienced both Romantic and liberal reactions to Enlightenment conceptions of peoplehood and individual identity. These reactions spawned nationalist movements often based on shared ethnicity, linguistics, geography, and religion, with some seeking liberal ends ("nationalism from below") and others seeking to preserve dominant power ("nationalism from above"). In a remarkably intense period that historians describe as the "Revolutions of 1848," over fifty peoples were involved in mostly unsuccessful revolutions that sought to cast off the dominant powers of the Hapsburgs, the Roman Catholic Church, and remaining feudal structures. The failed revolutions led to decades of short wars and repression by military forces; the repressions, in turn, led to the protracted class conflicts that inspired Karl Marx to propose his "scientific socialism." Repressed and smoldering with discontent, nationalist movements bred diverse socialistic ideologies in the hope of emerging from feudalism and participating fully in the fruits of the Industrial Age. Still, distant dynasties, such as the Hapsburg, Romanov, and Ottoman empires, clung to power until (non-French or British) nation-states emerged, starting with Italy in 1859 and Germany in 1871.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=SfLo5BxavS)\
  - [In any Nation, multiple competing narratives describe the Nation's story in terms of who counts as members, how persons and communities relate to the Body Politic and the State, and how each relates to neighboring Nations. Narratives that respect the rights and liberties of all persons and peoples are rightly ordered. However, they are disordered when they divinize a particular national community within the Nation and render its claims to power absolute while marginalizing others and when they identify the State with the Nation and invite the State to enforce by law the primacy of one of its constituent national communities over others. We distinguish such disordered narratives from rightly-ordered narratives, aptly naming them as "nationalism."  ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=AreTfAFrp-)\
  - [The\'a0Body Politic\'a0spawns an intrinsically pluralistic national community, containing all the nation's communities and societies, including families, ecclesial bodies, and cultural, educational, and economic institutions. The Body Politic is pluralistic in that it contains many national communities or peoples, respecting their rights and freedoms so that justice enables their incorporation into a single national community without erasing their secondary national communities or peoples. The United States, for example, is simultaneously a confederation of national communities or peoples (e.g., First Nations, New York, Texas) and a single national community constituted by many peoples (@maritain1998man,9-12).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=VSiMqy9TSA)\
  - [In today's vernacular,\'a0Nation,\'a0People,\'a0Body Politic, and\'a0State\'a0are often used interchangeably without sacrificing clarity in everyday conversations. However, in political theology, we must differentiate between these terms because their confusion historically has enflamed conflicts between groups competing for dominant power. Yet such differentiation requires first clarifying the distinction between\'a0community\'a0and\'a0society (@maritain1998man, 2).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=0G0Bu_v5bF)\
  - [For Brubaker, the questions - "what is a nation?" - and it's correlate - "what is nationalism?" - reflect category errors. They presuppose that the things involved are phenomena having substances or essences behind the words by which we name them, and that our task is to discover those one correct descriptions of their essence. Brubaker instead encourages us to ask different questions that begin with the premise that nations and nationalism are not - as in common parlance - "collectivities, entities, communities" but categories or topics. If we recognize that nation is a category, then we can embrace what Max Weber mean when he taught that "nation" is a "Wertbegriff, a concept that belongs to the sphere of values (1964, 1992, pp. 675, 677; 1978 [1922], pp. 922, 925)" (116). Brubaker teaches "that nation is in the first instance a category of practice, not a category of analysis" (116).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=T4bZArfk7tLQ)\
  - [Just as its chief enemy, secularism, threatens its way of life, liberalism - understood as socialism, high taxes, high public debts, and oppressive government intervention - threatens economic opportunity and cherished freedoms. Notably, White-Christian populism conceives of liberalism as an attack on fundamental freedoms, not as a philosophy that values "dignity, equality, autonomy, and human rights." Trump's frequent outrageous insults to women, immigrants, Muslims, and non-Whites should be understood not merely as patriarchal, nativist, and racist, but also as defending "the people" against liberalism and the "identity synthesis" ideology that pervades elite-run institutions (Mounk 2023).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=9AHuckf2U6rJ)\
  - [Paradoxically, Trumpism is characterized by Christianism, a secularized cultural Christianity whose chief enemies are secularists it fears threaten religious freedom.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=ao_T19n4BR-8)\
  - [Paradoxically, Christianism is secular but not secularist: emptied of Christian substance and reduced to a cultural boundary marker, its chief enemy is secularism.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=YBAsFp4-MtJI)\
  - [Christianism, a term coined by Andrew Sullivan (CITATION), originally denoted the American Religious Right. Today's White-Christian populism features \'93secularized Christianity-as-culture\'94 (Mouritsen 2006: 77), a way of claiming membership in Christian community without claiming its faith commitments that nonetheless identifies one with Christian culture in contrast with alternatives. One claims the cultural heritage and identity without the substance. It's most often a way of claiming shared values and differentiating. By claiming a Christian cultural identity, one says, "I'm not like them" - in the encounter with Others such as Muslims or Hindus or Atheists.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=y9AC4mN3zHFd)\
  - [Outsiders can be people (like George Soros), institutions (like the IMF or United Nations), or movements (like radical Islam).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=lyEMt-qV05e7)\
  - [National populism is constituted by two sharp oppositions between "us" and "them." In the vertical dimension, "the people" (defined as "ordinary people", demos, etc.) oppose "the elite" (defined loosely as those possessing power and prestige) who privilege themselves or those below the people who are seen as of low prestige or belonging to marginalized groups. In the horizontal dimension, the people oppose internal or external outsiders who threaten the people's way of life.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=9q-GkT4fxZOB)\
  - [ is tIn October 2022, the Pew Research Center  reported that most Americans surveyed (54%) had never heard of Christian Nationalism , and almost two-thirds (63%) of Republicans had never heard of it. Majorities from both dominant political parties had either not heard of it or did not know enough to have an opinion about it (GOP - 73%, Democrats 51%).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=UWK1yU20gokm)\
  - [Song faults Niebuhr for what he sees as Niebuhr's obscured but ultimate self-defeating dualism, manifest in his doctrines of time vs eternity, conditioned and unconditioned, and paradox. He claims that this inherent dualism ultimately defeats Niebuhr's theology and its deployment as an apologetics against modernism.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=uo5CFfxWAQ)\
  - [Song appreciates Niebuhr's Augustinian understanding of history that sees it as "inscrutable" and its meaning as eschatological, that sees humankind as incapable of perfection within history, and that see grace as essential to humankind's transformation.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=52mxcX1R0y)\
  - [Song feels Niebuhr caricatures liberalism, and that he did so because his dialectical defense of Christianity required such a caricature.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=0bV2nfIwj7)\
  - [Populism and nationalism are contested terms because research has led to significant developments in our understanding of them over the last sixty years. Nationalism became a focus of study in the early 20th century. Early theorists saw it as a significant historical force, arising first in Europe and spreading globally, driving transformations of societal, political, economic, and cultural structures into modernity. Populism studies emerged seventy years ago, and its theorists saw its movements, in contrast to nationalism, as occasional, isolated, temporal, and aberrant events; populist movements were seen as on the fringe. Because of these initial theories, nationalism and populism were seen as entirely different phenomena. However, two significant shifts have caused scholars to conceive both phenomena differently. First, neither is seen as an engine of modernity. Nationalism is now seen as an enduring and omnipresent feature of 21st-century nations. Similarly, populism is seen as an enduring and regularly occurring feature of democracies. Second, scholars now see both phenomena as discourses constituted by characteristic narratives, myths, and symbols by which leaders help people imagine their peoplehood. Scholars of both phenomena now conceive them as mixed discourses, with some emphasizing populist claims within nationalisms and others emphasizing nationalist claims within populisms. Scholars now recognize that 21st-century populisms often integrate nationalist claims.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=9CtKXyYQbxjb)\
  - [Rogers Brubaker adds to his description of populism's common traits from "Why Populism?" by explaining how nationalist claims operate within populisms. Populist movements speak on behalf of "the people" (an ambiguous concept) and against those above - and sometimes below - them. At the same time, they speak against economic, political, and cultural threats outside the polity, normally "othering" elites as outsiders who are also "on top" of the people. Brubaker conceives this element of populism as a "two-dimensional discursive space" (56). The vertical dimension reflects the populist account of the distribution of "power, wealth, [and] institutionally consecrated prestige" (56). The horizontal dimension reflects the nationalist "inside-outside" account of the polity, with internal insiders, "internal outsiders," and "external outsiders." The people - whether understood as the 'common folk,' the citizens ("demos"), or a community - and their legitimate leaders are the insiders. "Othered" groups of low power or prestige and elites are internal outsiders. Low prestige groups may be othered for ethnoracial, cultural, or moral reasons. Non-elites with wealth, power, and prestige may be marginalized due to lifestyle or gender or sexual identity. External outsiders include non-elite ethnocultural migrants or refugees, "global capital, cosmopolitan culture, [and] powerful outside states or organizations" (56).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=1cZjPYh7Qx2x)\
  - [Brubaker notes three elements of populist discourse that render it "self-limiting." He dubs the first "poaching." Populist styles and substance are readily and commonly appropriated by other political agents. Sometimes, this is by allies, and the movement carries on. But sometimes, it's done by opponents who combat populist politics by co-opting its themes and prescriptions, effectively robbing the populist movement of oxygen. Second, other political agents can successfully oppose populist crises with "non-crisis." That is, they declare that the issue populists describe as a crisis is not a crisis at all and can be addressed within established institutions and ways of being. Since populist movements depend on sustained crisis psychology for their political energy, they are self-limited by their capacity to persuade the public that the sky is falling. Third, populist leaders depend on the public's "enchantment," their ability to sustain the trust that they represent the people exceptionally better than elites even after they've been entrusted with the power to fulfill their promises.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=voXpXPHzzPHa)\
  - [Why populism in the second decade of the 21st century? As Rogers Brubaker notes, we've experienced a "perfect storm" of stimuli that have spawned populist movements on both sides of the Atlantic Ocean. The rise of radical Islam near the end of the last century led to 9/11, al-Queda, ISIS, and a massive refugee exodus from the Middle East. It heightened Islamophobia as immigrants fled to Western states and Westerners adjusted to "the war on terror." The rise of neoliberalism in the 1970s led ultimately to transnational economic institutions increasingly unchecked by democratic controls, an acceleration of income and wealth inequality between elites and "the people," a catastrophic failure of global financial institutions, the Great Recession, bailouts of elites, and a massive loss of wealth and jobs for non-elites. At the same time, the secularization and liberalization of Western culture accelerated, rolling back centuries of patriarchal, heteronormative, and White-Christian dominance and sparking sharpened debates over the right level of separation between Church and State. These events happened contemporaneously with repeated waves of cultural transformations wrought by the atomizing and individualizing technologies of the Digital Age. Not only were these historical stimuli, but politicians and media discursively joined them into a narrative of unrelenting drama and crisis. In the United States and Europe, populists on Right and Left weaved narratives dramatizing their promises to deliver "the people" from "dilution and destruction" from "the neoliberal economy, open borders, cosmopolitan culture, and "open society" said to be favored" by secular elites (Brubaker 2017:39). Moreover, their populist politics heightened the sense of crisis as their attacks on mediating institutions (e.g., mainstream media, universities, scientists, the FBI, and the courts) and their embrace of post-truth disinformation strategies (e.g., "fake news") generated anxieties and polarization concerning how we know what we know. These destabilizing factors, combined discursively as threats to national cultures and identity, created the perfect populist storm from which we've yet to emerge.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=a_xmlxUOt2BY)\
  - [As Rogers Brubaker notes, "Trumpism cannot be understood without reference to its specifically populist as well as nationalist aspects" (email 20230827).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=k5OpP_ojkE57)\
  - [Most political movements or practices described as populist claim to speak for "the people" and against the "elites" and "outsiders" who threaten them. As the 2016 presidential campaigns of Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump remind us, populist politics are phenomena we see on the Left and the Right. What distinguishes them is not their form but their substance. Rogers Brubaker suggests we conceive of their common forms with the metaphor of\'a0repertoire,\'a0an allusion to Wittgenstein's notion of a family resemblance.\'a0He names six elements that characterize populist politics, emphasizing that their populist aspect may be recognizable due to general or granular similarities. Not all movements exhibit all features; the blend of multiple elements makes such politics populist.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=O3efOSQBuRyV)\
  - [The populism repertoire features recurring elements that elaborate the vertical opposition between "the people" and the elite and the horizontal opposition between inside and outside. Brubaker names five elements. The first is "antagonistic re-politicization," in which the movement re-asserts the people's control over matters seen to be controlled by elites. For example, claims that the Supreme Court controls women's health through judicial regulation of abortion or unaccountable administrative agencies create unbearable regulatory burdens have triggered movements on the Left and Right to re-politicize those matters by returning them to legislative branches of the state and federal governments, respectively. The second is "majoritarianism," enforcing the majority's will against minorities, challenging benefits, practices, and recognition of minority, marginalized, elite groups. Examples include populist movements against affirmative action programs, the failure to reduce the flow of immigrants, and the bailouts of central banks. The third characteristic feature is "Anti-institutionalism." Populist movements commonly doubt and discredit established institutions that serve mediating functions. Sometimes, their skepticism targets their own party's established order, as happened with Trump's takeover of the Republican party and with Progressive's efforts to control the Democrat party's platform. In recent years, we've witnessed populist efforts to discredit the Justice Department, the FBI, and the press. Fourth, populists practice "protectionism." They promise to protect "the people" from all enemies, foreign and domestic, which translates into policy commitments that seek to insulate "the people" from economic, security, and cultural threats to their ways of life. Examples include promises to impose retaliatory tariffs on China, to stop all immigration flows from the U.S. southern borders, and to halt federal critical race theory training. The fifth element of populist politics is the strategic use of a "low" communication style that deliberately transgresses the "high" rhetorical and behavioral norms of the established order to convey the populist's proximity to the people, provoke elites, and attract attention. Trump's performative vulgarity, rejection of political correctness, and conspicuous crudity epitomize the populist politics of contrast through a "low" communications style.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=7rmMMYhULW9t)\
  - [In American White-Christian populism, African Americans and other non-White minorities are internal outsiders, and their ethnocultural 'difference' is seen as justifying their low status within the polity. Yet the movement is not merely White-Christian nationalism. It is White-Christian\'a0populism\'a0because the movement blames American and global elites for prioritizing the needs of those "Othered" vertically as lower or higher status and "Othered" horizontally as outsiders. The elites betray the people by privileging themselves and lower-status internal outsiders (ethnocultural groups and those marginalized for gender or sexual identity) or external outsiders (immigrants, refugees, and\'a0cultural\'a0threats such as Muslims) over the needs of "real Americans." It's the two-dimensional vertical and horizontal opposition to elites and internal and external Others that make it a populist movement.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=RY_3A1x6uWfx)\
  - [The Tea Party coalition, begun in 2009, and increasingly embittered "towards big city-dwelling elites and poor neighborhood needy residents"\'a0throughout the Obama presidency, united in their "opposition to patronizing elites and socialized welfare\'97both conveniently represented at the symbolic level by Obama (a black, highly educated liberal president) and Obamacare (a welfare scheme for the needy in society) (Pappas 2019: 185). As the country recovered slowly and inequitably across socioeconomic segments, low- and middle-class voters' anxieties about their future and frustration with the liberal institutions empowered to resolve the people's conflicts justly multiplied. Millions abandoned former political allegiances to search for a charismatic leader who would give their needs a voice. When more traditional politicians stuck to well-worn paths to the White House, Donald Trump answered their call. Borrowing Mussolini's slogan, he promised to "drain the swamp" and restore them to the hegemonic status they claimed as their due (Albright 2019:24). Moreover, he closely followed the "Strong Man's Playbook," heaping scorn upon existing leaders, liberal institutions like the courts, news media, and academics. He validated their illiberal impulses in plain derision and barely veiled dog whistles (Walter 2022; Albright 2019; Ben-Chiat 2020; Pappis 2019). Trump ridiculed the East Coast elites above and mocked non-White Americans below. Looking externally, he mocked Mexicans generally and pledged to erect a wall to prevent irregular immigration across the U.S.-Mexico border. He castigated China and Muslims, promising to protect our economy and culture from their growing power. Donald Trump voiced their grievance and anger, and their vote sent him to the White House in 2016.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=IMwW-04HgAU-)\
  - [George Wallace's rhetoric tapped successfully into populist anger just after the passage of monumental civil rights legislation and judicial activism. Four decades later, that anger boiled after a catastrophic economic meltdown and the election of America's first Black president. The Tea Party movement arose in opposition to elites who had been insulated from the economic calamity and against "non-workers or freeloaders," "the parasitical underclasses" whom they felt "did not deserve government assistance" (Pappis 2019:183). The Tea Party consisted mainly of older, well-off, White, and well-educated Americans. They opposed elites for favoring "the freeloaders" they excluded from "real Americans" and demanded a halt to legislation authorizing assistance to those they saw as unworthy of government assistance. Blacks, Latinos, and irregular immigrants topped their freeloader list, and they named new legal immigrants as non-working, non-tax-paying burdens on productive Americans who ultimately would take away American jobs. The Tea Party did not hate all entitlements, however. New Deal and Great Society entitlements benefitting them - such as Social Security and Medicare - were sacrosanct (Pappas 2019:183-4).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=8I6h98d05muY)\
  - [George Wallace, the former Alabama governor who grandstanded in obstructing court-ordered desegregation of Alabama's public institutions, pioneered today's populist themes more than five decades ago. Wallace ran for president four times (1964, 1968, 1972, and 1976). In a context where race riots were regular, and student protests against the Vietnam War filled the news, Wallace rallied angry middle-class workers against arrogant East Coast politicians, government officials, and scholars. He made two charges. First, he castigated elites for championing liberal cosmopolitan values over the interests of ordinary people. Second, he indicted elites, students, and "unproductive" minorities for causing "moral anarchy." Wallace's campaigns exemplified the distinctive American populist politics that thrive on crises. The cause is named, and segments above and below "the people" are portrayed as outsiders victimizing the morally pure ordinary people (Pappas 2019:180).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=Nafy1Jh1LjLy)\
  - [Historian Christopher Lasch noted that by the mid-1990s, there was a widening gulf between this group of "ordinary Americans" and "elites." He defined "elites" as the top 20% of America's socioeconomic scale who tended to be well-educated. The two groups told different narratives of how we will achieve America. Elites - whose education made them more secularized and liberal - believed that America's historical prioritization and enforcement of civic virtue was incompatible with freedom and unnecessary for democracy in a pluralistic society and that it is liberal institutions under the rule of law that make democracy work. In contrast, this emerging potential majority believed that Walt Whitman-style self-reliance, civic virtue, colorblind law, meritocracy, and individual responsibility make American democracy work. For Lasch, writing amidst his struggle with terminal cancer in 1995, the emerging populism "is the constant quest for \'93another way of achieving America\'94\'97one that would halt the advance of malignant liberalism and replace it with the dignity of traditional values, joy in work, family life and self-improvement, a sense of place, and a feeling of national pride."  (Pappis 2019: 177-8).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=SnPnfgg47Y-c)\
  - [Lyndon Johnson famously predicted that his signing of Great Society civil rights legislation would transform American politics to the detriment of Democrats, and he was right. That legislation was followed in the next decade by court-ordered busing of students, breaking up the neighborhood school as a community anchor, the Supreme Court's infamous Roe v. Wade decision affirming women's right to receive abort pregnancies, cultural changes supporting women's equal opportunity in the workplace, and stagflation associated with an oil crisis. By the mid-1970s, today's populism germinated. Sociologists noted a large voter segment angered by a government and media that they felt favored the wealthy, marginalized, and poor over them. The segment was mainly White, semi-skilled, and had low education and income. They manifest extreme anger toward those above and below them on the socioeconomic scale based on their sense that America's middle class has been disrespected and abandoned by those entrusted to govern. This broad segment of middle-class producers could deliver a majority against a coalition favoring "non-producers" (Pappis 2019:177). ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=bO__iBJfxPL8)\
  - [Intrinsic to America's agrarian myth is the moral authority of the hard-working farmer who feeds the world. Notably, the farmer's work ethic - echoing Calvinism's "Protestant work ethic" that signified one's holiness - epitomizes American identity. Though the farmer is displaced and now works on Main Street America - or at the only remaining factory nearby - his productivity defines him. Hence, underlying the populist agrarian myth is the narrative that real Americans are producers. Non-producers are unAmerican.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=zZazczQ88Nhn)\
  - [Though the yeoman farmer's great-grandchildren have long since fled from the vagaries of commercial agriculture to the great cities that dominate the digital age, America's generative "agrarian myth" and the idealization of the yeoman farmer remain. Those same virtues inspire the lives of countless shopkeepers, artisans, factory workers, and small business owners. Marked by cultural Christianity and comparatively low education, these hard-working, straight-talking, honorable people constitute the "thousand points of light' that George H.W. Bush praised, the middle-class Bill Clinton defended, and the "ordinary Americans" that populist politicians from both parties have sought to energize throughout the last several decades.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=TzUgnKqXn-Qh)\
  - [There is a reason America's 2016 and 2020 electoral maps mainly show red throughout the heartland and blue on the coasts. Trumpism is a populist movement, and populism's home is the heartland. Ever since Jefferson's 1791 campaign against Hamilton's project to create a national bank, the "yeoman farmer" metaphor has exemplified the ideal American citizen. Looking very much like the fiercely independent Scots-Irish farmers who tamed the Appalachians, the mid-South, and the Great Plains, the yeoman farm family worked the land and, from that relationship with the soil, learned and embodied the virtues of frugality, simplicity, productivity, plain-speaking, integrity, self-sufficiency, and godliness. American populism generative myth is the heroic tale of the yeoman farmer who epitomizes the American ideal (Woodard 2011, Pappis 2019:174).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=COfRoQOJP3R5)\
  - [Trumpism in the 2020s carries forward a longstanding conflict between proponents of liberal democracy and populists that has profoundly shaped America. It dates back to tensions between two differently Calvinist groups - the settlers who enforced Puritan morality throughout the United Colonies of New England (Yankeedom) and warrior-like radically individualistic Scots-Irish immigrants who resisted Yankee hegemony as they established farms first in rural Pennsylvania, followed the Appalachian Mountains south to the Carolinas, and pushed westward to Tennessee, Kentucky, Illinois, and Indiana (Woodard 2011). Populism is intrinsic to the American experience because of the diverse nations that founded our polity. It became a political force two hundred years ago, giving rise to the Jacksonian era, and rose again with William Jennings Bryan at the end of the 19th century. After World War Two, it flourished in both major parties as our nation struggled with growing federal regulation of agriculture and commerce, the Cold War, the Civil Rights movement, and the Vietnam War. For over a century, populism has thrived mainly as the simmering angst of white middle-class working folks who felt beleaguered by angry minorities below them socioeconomically and abandoned by establishment elites above (Pappis 2019:173).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=rjajqK4JrUw2)\
  - [To determine if a movement is populist, we need only determine if it is both democratic and illiberal. That means there are two indicators to assess. To be democratic, it must participate in competitive elections and consent to the rule of constitutional law. To be illiberal, it must claim a single distinction between a homogeneous sovereign people and outsiders, sustain "adversarial politics," and practice majoritarian rule (or reject social pluralism, non-violence, and moderation in the pursuit of ends and the priority of minority rights).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=gp9mJuHIplxm)\
  - [Pappas' minimal definition helps us recognize populism when we see it, and it also helps us define what it is not populism. Because "populism is always democratic but never liberal," movements that embody either political liberalism or nondemocratic autocracy are, by definition, not populist.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=isWGDM1UKqLe)\
  - [If populism means democratic illiberalism, it also could reasonably be described as the claim that political sovereignty arises from, for, and is exercised by "the people" and not from, for, or by mediating institutions or those outside "the people." Restating the concept of populism this way helpfully sets our eyes on a related concept: "the people." Populism conceives "the people" in ways detrimental to the interests of liberal democracy. Pappas names four fundamental claims populist movements make about those they denote as "the people": their ability to act as a political majority, their putatively homogeneous and native character, their shared oppression by "impersonal institutions," and their superior moral authority. These claims are not incompatible with democracy (etymologically,\'a0demokratia\'a0means the demos (people)\'a0kraiten\'a0(rule). However, these claims contradict fundamental principles of modern liberal democracy learned through reflection on the tragedies of World War II: (1) averting what James Madison called "the tyranny of the majority," encouraging fruitful coexistence of multiple peoples within a polis, safeguarding institutional checks and balances by prioritizing them above self-interests; and pursuing the common welfare peacefully rather than resolving conflict by violent assertion of group or individual rights (Pappas 2019:33).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=34QYoR3hJQGq)\
  - [Because populism is by definition democratic - meaning it competes in elections that it sees as conveying the sovereign people's authority, but also illiberal, it is intrinsically unstable. Like a pendulum, it swings between the poles of liberalism and autocracy. Remove its commitment to democracy, and it becomes authoritarianism; heal its illiberal ways, and liberal democracy may re-emerge. ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=326JcwF-kgF-)\
  - [With these definitions in view, we can now say more about populism. Given our minimalist definition of populism as the politics of illiberal democracy, it is clear that populists compete in elections and leave office according to the rule of law. They reject at least one of liberalism's three mutually reinforcing commitments. They reject the mediation of established institutions, the rule of law, or the protection of minority rights, or perhaps multiple of these. We aptly describe politics as populist if (and only if) it embraces competitive elections and rejects at least one of the fundamentals of liberal democracy. ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=QY5H4gnCNizO)\
  - [My favorite definition of liberal democracy comes from philosopher Michael Walzer, who points out that the adjectival use of "liberal" is vital: "liberal" modifies and complicates the nouns it precedes; it has an effect that is sometimes constraining, sometimes enlivening, sometimes transforming. It determines not who we are but how we are who we are\'97how we enact our ideological commitments" (Walzer 2023:4). That leads to Walzer's description of how liberal democrats act: "Liberal democrats will defend a state where power is constrained, where the common life is pluralist and inclusive, where the right of opposition is protected, where teachers make sure that the curiosity of children is cultivated rather than repressed, and where every man and woman is a political agent, able to join any and all meetings and movements and free to stay home\'97the equal of all the others" (Walzer 2023:28). Takis Pappis's definition aptly and succinctly summarizes Walzer's expansive description of liberal democrats' actions. A liberal democracy is a polity that presupposes "a plurality of conflicting interests," and seeks to mitigate and resolve conflicts through a shared commitment to "commonly agreed institutions, the rule of law, and the protection of minority rights." Furthermore, if any of these three shared mutually reinforcing commitments is lacking, the polity may be democratic, but it ceases to be liberal (Pappas 2019:2). ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=BSVZkNvQD9QR)\
  - [To think about modern populism coherently, we must first be clear on its two constitutive elements, democracy and illiberalism. Comparative politics theorist Adam Przeworski defines\'a0democracy\'a0minimally as "a system in which incumbents lose elections and leave office when the rules so dictate" (Przeworski et al. 2000: 54). That simple definition may surprise Westerners who routinely conflate democracy with classical liberal values. Nevertheless, the key to democracy is the location of sovereignty with the people. Karl Popper noted that democracy is "the only system in which citizens can overthrow their rulers by peaceful electoral means" (Popper 1945 in Pappas 2019:1).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=lJo8gTKfcfx8)\
  - [Summarizing the current scholarship on populism, Takis Pappas helpfully proposed that we best comprehend 21st-century populism with a minimalist definition: populism = democratic illiberalism (Pappas 2019:33)](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=aEkTLAIaxNKm)\
  - [Pappas' minimal definition helps recognize populism when we see it, and it also helps us define what it is not populism. Because "populism is always democratic but never liberal," movements that embody either political liberalism or nondemocratic autocracy are, by definition, not populist.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=RKJEcrLE-ncE)\
  - [Modern populism responds to unstable economic/social status of \'93the people\'94 by expressing outrage that those of historically lower socioeconomic status or marginalized (based on gender, lifestyle, etc.) are prioritized over \'93the people\'92s\'94 needs, and that \'93the people\'94 are not protected from external economic and cultural stimuli that threaten \'93the people\'92s\'94 hegemony (refugees, immigrants, Islam). \'93Them\'94 are less abstract targets than neoliberal capitalist restructuring of the global economy.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=DGVcAGLwzvXx)\
  - [Globally, govts create/sell extraterritorial zones where corps have autonomous control, empowered to create/enforce laws and determine citizenship and residency rules. Generally labor can\'92t reside in zones, and has no vote. Labor is permanently temporary, commodified. It\'92s capitalism without democracy, enabling capital to avoid demands for justice. This shifts earnings from labor to capitalists, who park profits in tax havens.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=d4b0B0KqR_cS)\
  - [This feature of global order accelerates wealth and income inequality as well as the transfer of jobs/ factories to extraterritorial zones not subject to democratic norms or Western protections of labor. That causes systemic restructuring of labor and capital flows, estrangement of those marginalized, and fertilizes seeds of the nationalist populist movement that seeks to restore the good old days (MAGA).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=KDJA1l2Hf0sN)\
  - [I think it\'92s more precise to say that Christian nationalism is incompatible with liberal democracy. It\'92s compatible with illiberal democracy; that\'92s its telos. It\'92s its illiberality that makes it oxymoronic.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=Ba8XoVsoHCNi)\
  - [Your \'93measure of a community\'94 line is apt. We need to connect that to your Christian Nationalism essay. The measure of a people (nation) is how it relates to its \'93near and distant neighbors,\'94 as Karl Barth put it. Democracies require borders so we can identify the polis of, by, and for which their government exist, but our duty of neighborly love is the same on both sides of the border. The distinction is not in our duty but in how we may fulfill it. [response to David French post on Threads]](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=518XIFs2PSog)\
  - [When I am researching a particular question (or topic), I go to the node for that question or topic, and similarly add permanent notes.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=UEzW42eVOe)\
  - [Reading Mosely (96), I am struck by Barth's comment concerning pluralism of nations within a state and that comment's relation to growing German anti-Semitism. The implication of that comment today is that Christian nationalism is, in the same way, anti-Semitic and a denial of love of neighbor.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=SLW6KFYGFA)\
  - [When Christians see Jesus merely as the name we give to the one who ensured things will turn out right for us by dying for our sins, then Jesus and his cross are relegated to the sidelines of life. If Jesus is not muted completely, he's at best a cheerleader, affirming our good plays, and perhaps also a water boy who refreshes us after setbacks. Whatever we call him, he's not the Lord of our life who gracious command determines our every move on the playing fields of life. In other words, when Jesus is merely the name of the one who saved us, then he has little to do with our ethics and we look elsewhere to determine how best to flourish. Humanist Christians cast their eyes not to the hills but to the mirror, shrugging, "whatever works for me must be true; the truth is whatever works."](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=ks5HtaNFaK)\
  - [It is right to begin this initial report by remembering the problem of Constantinianism for two reasons. First, we recall that white supremacy was spawned by the conflation of Church and State, with papal bulls empowering launches of thousands of ships to enslave kidnapped Africans who would be baptized and pressed into the service of pious princes for the glory of God. Second, we recognize that Christian nationalisms, in general, render Christian witness invisible either by conforming the Church's witness to the norms of a national culture or by misconstruing the State's action as an additional source of revelation to which Christian witness should conform. We, therefore, begin our report with Constantinianism to clarify what's at stake as we speak out against American White Christian Nationalism: left unchecked, its adherents would have both Church and State bless the priority of an ethno-tradition that perpetuates white supremacy.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=jMtrhF2zvn)\
  - [In our everyday vocabulary, we often speak of\'a0nation\'a0and\'a0national\'a0as though it is a synonym for the State Lincoln reminded us should always be "of the people, by the people, and for the people." However, when we speak of\'a0nationalism, we must remember that\'a0the nation\'a0is a synonym for\'a0the people, not\'a0the government.\'a0Nationalism, then, is a peoplehood narrative. It's a story we tell of our self-understanding as people committed to living with each other in particular ways. In our self-determination, we create and sustain a government to act as an agent on our behalf for specific functions. In that sense, nationalisms, as expressions of our collective self-understanding of our peoplehood, are providential goods that can be\'a0rightly ordered\'a0or\'a0disordered. Part of the Church's service to the people is to provide a truthful witness to what Christ's Spirit teaches us in our context concerning what constitutes a rightly-ordered peoplehood narrative..](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=xxrni9KL69)\
  - [Yet it would be a mistake to perceive that the current form of American White Christian Nationalism is just the latest variant of white racism. Nor is it merely an appalling version of Christianity. It is more pernicious than that. It presents superficially as an\'a0ethnic\'a0movement, but we understand it better as a\'a0cultural\'a0phenomenon. It cuts across all Christian denominations, ethnicities, genders, ages, regions, and all but the top socioeconomic strata. It is a politico-religious ideology that expresses the nihilistic rage of both White and non-White persons who feel betrayed by elites they hold responsible for the collapse of the neoliberal political and cultural order they had promised would deliver prosperity and peace on a global scale. Looking ahead, it mourns the anticipated erosion of the dominant ethno-tradition due to globalism's commodification of labor and consequent immigration flows; looking backward, it gazes nostalgically upon the booming prosperity of the Eisenhower era and imagines a restoration of the factors that secured it. It balks at the project (borrowing from Baldwin) of "achieving America." Like the Hebrews lost in the wilderness, it misremembers its bondage in Egypt and yearns to return there.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=6RXbBCIPdm)\
  - [Today's American White Christian Nationalism is a disordered peoplehood narrative. A nihilistic response to the economic and cultural chaos wrought by the collapse of the global neoliberal political order, it imagines an America no longer committed to the virtues of hospitality, tolerance, and forbearance in our encounters with other peoples and each other. It is\'a0nationalistic\'a0to the extent that it imagines our refusal to give near and distant peoples their due. It is also disordered to the extent that it envisions a return to the Constantinian relationship between Church and State that marginalizes both Christian and non-Christian witness, privileges Christian power, and denies non-Christians their civic due. Furthermore, to the extent it imagines a perpetuation of the hegemony of the White-Christian ethno-tradition rather than trusting in the Spirit's providentially dynamic ordering as we seek to "achieve America," it is unbelief, and therefore, a Christian heresy.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=mZHjCOp8Tt)\
  - [Charismatic leaders construct a new populist group identity through symbolic action that names the causes of shared resentment and promises deliverance. Populist "entrepreneurs" construct populist discourses not with policy prescriptions but with symbolic actions, metaphors, and slogans that address voters at the emotional rather than the rational level. Charismatic leaders' chief method is to frame the existence that generates resentment in such a way that it enables individuals to organize and articulate emotions about their situation. Simple framing, constantly repeated, voices, validates and mobilizes anger. It inspires individuals to see themselves as part of a movement demanding change and united behind their populist leader.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=c0eOjJMrXAjM)\
  - [Populist movements grow in soil fertilized with localized mixes of "economic inequality, social injustice, and political exclusion (Pappis 2019: 109). These are "relational" and participatory grievances and not epistemic facts that can be remedied merely with institutional rationality. At stake is the people's identity and relationship to the collective. When the people do not get the love, respect, and care they believe is their due, resentment germinates. Resentment functions like race, class, religion, and language as the tie that binds individuals into a political movement. Reducing everything to race or class is a mistake, primarily since resentment is contagious and transcends physical boundaries. When democracies undergo significant cultural and economic changes, the dysfunction or absence of needed liberal institutions becomes painfully visible. Populist entrepreneurs pounce on the grievances that result, gathering people into a political movement where the tie that binds is their resentment. ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=C85gAhEOgulZ)\
  - [Democracies are, like all communities, creations of the human imagination. Liberal democracies are crowd-sourced rational constructions, but charismatic leaders architect populist democracies. That is because liberalism seeks to locate political power in liberal institutions that oversee, transmit, and adjudicate general rules for communal life. In contrast, charismatic leaders create narratives through symbolic action that bypass and delegitimatize liberal institutions, promote alternative priorities, address the people's emotions rather than their reason, and defend their ethnotradition rather than prescribe detailed policies.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=8IKzpOtTg5bt)\
  - [Greek populist leader Andreas Papandreou summarized a vital distinction between liberal and populist democracy when he said, "There are no institutions - there's only the people" (cited in Pappas 2014a:28). He expressed the populist perspective well, but he was wrong. All democracies have two sides. On one side are institutions that are, by design, "impersonal, universally applicable, and characterized by continuity" (Pappas 2019: 107). On the other side is the body politic, a dynamic community constructed and shaped by competing and evolving narratives about who and what constitutes the people and where they are going.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=yaQ3jH0bdKDq)\
  - [In short, long-term emancipatory politics have brought about significant structural changes in society, including open access to higher education, the greater valuation of ethnic diversity as an end, the commercialization of agriculture and consequent urbanization of work, and the rethinking of gender roles. These changes have moved historically "outside" lifestyles, religions, and cultures to formal "insider" status, changing American culture's power dynamics. The United States is transitioning from a relatively homogeneous people governed by a democracy ruled by and mainly for its White-Christian super-majority into a land of many peoples governed by the world's first multiethnic, multicultural liberal democracy.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=fb_PpvFk2UB_)\
  - [A thin ideology has an identifiable form "but, unlike mainstream ideologies, a restricted one. It severs itself from wider ideational contexts by deliberately removing or replacing many concepts we would expect an ideology to include. It does not embrace the full range of questions that macro-ideologies do, and is limited in its ambitions and scope" (Freeden 2003:98). Examples include nationalism and feminism. Thin ideologies have "a positive, self-aware drive, whose transformative alternatives are not predicated on resurrecting primordial social intuitions but on future-oriented change" and also "the potential to become full if they incorporate existing elements of other ideologies" (Freeden 2016).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=h35cyObLhTU3)\
  - ["Ideology is "a set of ideas, beliefs, opinions, and values that (1) exhibit a recurring pattern, (2) are held by a significant group, (3)compete over providing and controlling plans for public policy, [and] (4) do so with the aim of justifying, contesting or changing the social and political arrangements and processes of a political community" (Freeden 2003:32). Furthermore, ideologies are "multilayered symbols of reality that [bring] together complex ideas" and thereby "order social space... tell[ing] us what to look out for...among the social principles and practices they detect." Ideologies are "a form of language game, whose meaning and communicative importance can only be determined by noting their grammar..., their conventional employment in a social context, and the degree of acceptability of the rules by which they play." Rather than being monolithic, ideologies have "the standard structure... of a jigsaw of components," each sharing "a family resemblance" but necessarily all the same features, that give them "considerable flexibility" and "an internal fluidity." This flexibility and fluidity help us see that ideologies are the "unbending instruments of dominance" that some claim, but rather are engines of change and renewal" (Freeden 2003:40-44).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=ppcG1iKGa3MB)\
  - [Populism, like Scripture, is a performative discourse that generates community. Within that discourse, charismatic leaders draw upon a repertoire of symbolic language and actions to construct a significant following who see themselves as the authentic people in whom sovereignty is vested, to distance themselves from other elites to disrespect establishment norms that offend "the people," to transform institutional failures into crises and to convey threats of action that will follow if establishment leaders do not meet "the people's" demands..](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=gNQ1BmRtnd6e)\
  - [Populism, like Christianity, is a performative discourse that generates and connects communities. Within that discourse, charismatic leaders draw upon a repertoire of symbolic language and actions to construct a significant following who see themselves as the authentic people in whom sovereignty is vested, to distance themselves from other elites to disrespect establishment norms that offend "the people," to transform institutional failures into crises and to convey threats of action that will follow if establishment leaders do not meet "the people's" demands.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=lYwyuva07Gao)\
  - [Nationalism and populism are contested terms because research has led to significant developments in our understanding of them over the last sixty years. Nationalism became a focus of study in the early 20th century. Early theorists saw it as a significant historical force, arising first in Europe and spreading globally, driving transformations of societal, political, economic, and cultural structures into modernity. Populism studies emerged seventy years ago, and its theorists saw its movements, in contrast to nationalism, as occasional, isolated, temporal, and aberrant events; they considered populist movements to be on the fringe. Because of these initial theories, nationalism and populism were seen as entirely different phenomena (Brubaker 2020:1-2).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=eyzNdhukdtvx)\
  - [However, two significant shifts have caused scholars to conceive both phenomena (nationalism and populism) differently. First, they no longer see either as an engine of modernity. Today, they recognize nationalism as an enduring and omnipresent feature of 21st-century nations. Similarly, the current scholarly consensus views populism as an enduring and regularly occurring feature of democracies. Second, most political theorists now see both phenomena as performative discourses or constituted by characteristic narratives, myths, and symbols by which leaders help people imagine their peoplehood (Moffitt 2019:9-25).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=UBRgF2CrMvai)\
  - [Both phenomena (nationalism and populism) are mixed discourses, with some emphasizing populist claims within nationalisms and others emphasizing nationalist claims within populisms (). Indeed, today's 21st-century populisms usually integrate nationalist or "civilizationist" claims (Brubaker 2020:2-6; Freeden 2016; Pappas 2019).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=K_UGNE0ldV35)\
  - [Populism's efforts to speak on behalf of "the people" aims at attracting votes, not knowledge or policy wisdom; rather than dive deeply and rationally into socio-political concerns, it seeks to galvanize voters by triggering emotions and passion. It "blur[s] and conceal[s]" details as a rhetorical strategy. It's that "vagueness and indeterminancy" and lack of "nuanced specificity" that makes populism fall short of the "thin ideology" category (Freeden 2016:10).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=1eYY_DGBX1A3)\
  - [Proponents of conservatives, fascist, and liberal ideologies embrace nationalism for different reasons. Conservatives appreciates nationalism's capacity for mythical national narratives that justify nostalgia for golden eras to which the people should return. Fascists leverage nationalism's stories about a superior peoplehood and dichotomous view of neighbors which supports their miltant views. And liberals emphasize nationalism's emphasis on self-government.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=mK6zpQDN9e3B)\
  - [American Christianity has long valued freedom of religion, which historically is manifest as a religious free market where religions compete for mindshare and atheism is a valid option. The Constitution's establishment clause prohibits the State from putting a finger on the scale in this competition. Christian traditionalists continue to value religious freedoms highly, a trait that distinguishes them from Church Statists. However, as White Protestants lose their majority status, White Christian anxiety about cultural change may cause them to seek government safeguards of their cultural power and may result in a continued drift toward Church Statism.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=bY2YdDA8TAVc)\
  - [What QCN scholars theorize as Christian Nationalism consists of at least two divergent right-wing visions for America. Church Statists embrace the attitudes Perry and Whitehead attribute to Christian Nationalism, including the establishment of a White Christian nation," nativism, and racial animus. In contrast, inspired by Martin Luther King's "I Have a Dream" speech, Christian traditionalists envision an inclusive "color-blind Judeo-Christian nation" that prioritizes personal responsibility, religious competition, democracy, and capitalism.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=8mFDtqUXJNhq)\
  - [In their empirical design and analysis, QCN scholars overlook this longstanding history of an\'a0inclusive\'a0American civil religion. Liberals and conservatives are co-heirs to this discourse, though they relish it for divergent reasons.  For conservatives, this inclusive heritage, conveyed through the performance of the priestly version of the American civil religion, cherishes national like-mindedness and Anglo-Protestant civic order. For liberals, that inclusive heritage, generated through participation in the prophetic version of American civil religion, calls citizens to shared commitments to social justice and the common good. Vegter et al. (2022) found that civil religion in its plural strands is more broadly pervasive in American politics than Christian nationalism. The priestly and prophetic strands of American civil religion tell competing accounts of American identity and patriotism, and both are distinct from and compete with Christian nationalism.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=SAfl15hQL7_z)\
  - [Li and Froese argue that QCN scholars confuse Christian Nationalism with Church Statism and project that segment's traits onto conservative Christians in general. They overlook a significant "society-centric and socially inclusive" segment that they call "Religious Traditionalists." This more inclusive segment "reject[s the] overt nativism, racial antipathy, and religious intolerance" that characterizes the MAGA movement. Church Statists and Religious Traditionalists are distinct groups with "different, even opposite, attitudes concerning American membership" (Li and Froese 2023: 25).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=eFVW7jPm73oQ)\
  - [The QCN scale crudely combines Christian nationalism identity and beliefs into a single measure rather than separating them for empirical clarity. However, the result of this design flaw is clear: the middle ranges of the QCN index incorrectly attribute Christian nationalism to respondents when other factors are at play. As Nicholas Davis observes, "The consequence is the creation of a Maslow's hammer, in which anything resembling conservative expressions of religious-political belief appears to be evidence of "Christian nationalism."](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=b3oZ91oazsZQ)\
  - [Nicholas Davis, applying advanced statistical techniques to the data used by Whitehead and Perry, shows that "almost 28% of all respondents are misclassified using the threshold scale imposed by the additive Christian nationalism index." He reports two significant design flaws in the QCN index. First, the additive scale misreports respondent attitudes because it obscures the two dimensions fundamental to the collected data. Davis notes that adding the responses "will necessarily interject measurement error into the scale...[and] mechanistically result in misclassification errors, where scores are added together in ways that violate the underlying pattern of responses" (Davis 2021:11). Second, the division of the one-dimensional scale into four thresholds is arbitrary. For example, four distinct sets of responses generate a score of 12, putting all such respondents in the "Accommodator" category despite significant differences in political attitudes. The categories imply substantive differences between respondent attitudes. Still, there is no rational basis for claiming those who score six are substantively different from those who score seven or that those who score eleven are substantively different from those who score twelve.  Davis concludes, "The continuous scale does a poor job identifying who is and who is not a Christian nationalist" (Davis 2021:11-13).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=OV2NKT2qzmJU)\
  - [As political scientist Nicholas Davis notes, the QCN "continuous scale does a poor job identifying who is and is not a Christian nationalist" (Davis 2023:1).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=QPT4G2eEpLAB)\
  - [Nicholas Davis (2021) conducted a factor analysis on the QCN data used by Whitehead and Perry. With that advanced statistical technique, he discovered that their single-dimension additive scale obscured the presence of two factors. First, respondents vary on whether they feel America is a Christian nation with Christian values. Second, depending on the first factor,  respondents vary on the extent to which public displays of religion are tolerable. Davis' analysis shows that those who don't firmly believe that America is a Christian nation have a significant distribution of attitudes about whether public displays of religiosity are tolerable. In contrast, those who strongly judge that America is a Christian nation also strongly support public displays of religion.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=Fh7RyKFCi0vy)\
  - [Li's and Froese's analysis did "a better job" than earlier QCN studies for two reasons. First, they achieved "better robustness and generalizability" by analyzing data collected from 2005 to 2021 rather than relying on samples from a single survey. Second, their methodology generated "more statistically accurate and valid estimates" of the factors affecting Christian nationalism attitudes, breaking them out into "state-centric" and "society-centric" categories similarly to Davis' suggestions. Third, they demonstrated that state-centric and society-centric factors should be theorized and measured separately because of the evidence that they reflect divergent ideological commitments.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=kT14evLz5WnB)\
  - [Yancey illustrates the impact of this defect with a sports analogy involving his alma mater, the University of Texas. "Let's say I wanted to capture loyalty to my alma mater \'96 the University of Texas. So I developed an index based on dislike of Texas A and M and University of Oklahoma. Clearly such an index would correlate with loyalty to the Longhorns since these schools are seen as rivals. An antipathy towards the Sooners and Aggies is likely a core element of identifying as a Longhorn. But although it would capture some elements of Longhorn loyalty it would do so in an incomplete manner since there will be many who do not like those two schools (say those loyal to Baylor or Texas Tech) who also score high on the index but have no loyalty to the Longhorns. The face validity of the index indicates this is a measurement of attitudes towards Aggies and Sooners instead of Longhorns."](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=_lzPXOXmQT_4)\
  - [Similarly, the QCN scale measures whether a respondent seeks the government's advocacy and protection of Christian values. However, it cannot evaluate the basis or intensity of a respondent's Christian identity. That is why about a fifth of Jewish respondents scored high on the scale. Any non-Christian who shares political attitudes with conservative Christians would presumably rank similarly. As Yancey concludes, the QCN scale "is not a solid measure of anything we would reasonably call nationalism" because the scale "fails to assess whether [respondents] have a strong Christian identity" (Yancey 2021).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=2AUpH2oJ5ApF)\
  - [The QCN scale claims the capacity to predict whether a person manifests Christian nationalism.  Christian nationalism denotes an ugly illiberalism that rejects vital American values of liberty and equality for all and constitutes apostasy and blasphemy by Christians. However, the QCN scale does not assess faithfulness, fidelity, or any other measure of the intensity of respondents' Christian identity. Nor does it capture a respondent's conflation of Christian and American identity. Recognizing that a respondent who scores highly on the QCN scale may not identify as a Christian or desire to subordinate other religious traditions but may merely share Christian political attitudes matters for two reasons. First, it is crucial to represent American social dynamics scrupulously - the purpose of the model is to accurately reflect reality.  Second, Christian nationalism is a severe charge because it connotes bigotry and puts one in the semantic constellation of right-wing extremist groups such as White Nationalists.  Because it lacks any assessment of Christian identity or intensity, QCN scholars irresponsibly assign moral judgments by falsely claiming their index measures Christian nationalism. Truth-in-advertising concerns notwithstanding, their index is narrowly helpful because they can reasonably argue that the QCN scale predicts the probability that a respondent supports political policies often associated with conservative Christianity and Trumpism.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=GPMnaK40lZS5)\
  - [However, QCN theory disregards the abundant diversity of American Christianity. One may hold illiberal views on questions of interest to researchers and yet cherish American doctrine separating Church and State. Similarly, one may have conservative views on sexuality and patriarchy and value progress toward equal treatment under the law. Many may oppose what they view as increasing secularity in our culture while defending what they understand as the Judeo-Christian standard of a color-blind society. Others may protect national symbols and rituals - such as standing attention during the national anthem - with a heightened reverence for national and cultural symbols while still celebrating freedoms of speech and worship.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=mOhRr2qEVN0Z)\
  - [Because QCN researchers strip Christian nationalism of its theological content and redeploy the term to describe a perspective that generates illiberal right-wing political views, it should not surprise us when their thin definition catches about half the American population in its wide net. Their theory treats all illiberal conservative Christian views as proof of Christian nationalism.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=vN7m6DYGu31_)\
  - [There is a second significant flaw in the scale's empirical design. It does not measure a trait essential to Christian nationalists: a powerful commitment to Christianity that equates Christian identity with national membership. QCN scholars claim their scale measures the intensity of one's support for Christian nationalism. However, as George Yancey observes, it does not do that. Instead, the QCN scale assesses the degree to which a respondent - whether Christian or not - believes Christian values are worthy and should have a role in shaping American civic life. The flaw is that it does not measure a respondent's loyalty to Christianity - the extent to which Christianity is their ultimate concern. As I noted above, only a third of the questions explicitly mention Christianity. While demographic data collection gathers information about church affiliation, attendance, and frequency of prayer, none of the questions ascertain the intensity of a respondent's Christian identity or the extent to which they conflate Christian identity with American identity. That omission determines its "face validity" - whether the QCN scale measures what QCN researchers claim it measures. It does not. The QCN scale measures only how much a respondent believes Christian values should be encouraged in civic life, independently of the respondent's religious identity. That is why about a fifth of Jewish respondents scored high on the scale. Any non-Christian who shares political attitudes with conservative Christians would presumably rank similarly. As Yancey concludes, the QCN scale "is not a solid measure of anything we would reasonably call nationalism" because the scale "fails to assess whether [respondents] have a strong Christian identity" (Yancey 2021).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=ym6HXGB5q6_o)\
  - [Populist performers attack internal elites, declaring them outsiders who threaten the people with law, practice, and population mix changes. Once populists successfully brand domestic elites as outsiders, the latter's rhetoric or policies that promote reform in rules, norms, or membership in "the people" backfire because they reinforce the people's deep-rooted fear of cultural change.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=ArTz44vBoamQ)\
  - [Populist discourse presupposes that "the people" rightfully monopolize the nation's nativity, history, and future. Exclusivity is populism's version of sovereignty and springs from the people's mythical genesis. Yet that imagined birth of the people justifies a cultural monopoly, an exclusive and irrevocable right to define laws and norms. No other group can usurp, precede, or abolish that exclusive right. Consequently, the people's history, present, and future are unalterably the story of crises in which populist leaders fight to defend the people's ethno-tradition against endless tests by outsiders.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=QkAX5XcVEIIQ)\
  - [Religion is a sociologically "complex" phenomenon. As such, scholars tend to err when attributing causality to religion in isolation from other factors. Recent research demonstrates that religion is but one social factor constituting a sociological "cell." Religion features complexity because, in practice, it is the intersection of religious identity, race, class, and gender that determines how citizens express their political agency (Braunstein 2021:2). For example, recent research demonstrates that the majority White religious groups, such as White Protestants, often derive conservative political attitudes from their religious beliefs. However, "Muslims, Black Protestants, and Latinx Catholics" who hold conservative political attitudes or vote Republican generally do not derive their conservative preferences from their religious beliefs. Accounting for religion's complexity is essential because the intersection of religious identity, race, class, and gender determines American views concerning the role of religion in civic life and who counts as an American citizen.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=8lzC4i4CgVIY)\
  - [Mounk helpfully described seven themes that characterize the Identity Synthesis.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=YjIQSZyF7N4t)\
  - [The new Left ideology generated resistance on the Right and Left. With Donald Trump's rise in 2016, "anti-Wokeness" became a performative virtue for the Right's presidential contenders. On the Left, numerous liberal intellectuals - including Michael Walzer, Susan Neiman, Greg Lukianoff, Alan Dershowitz, and Yasha Mounk - published critiques that decried its rejection of key liberal values. Mounk, seeking a respectful name for an ideology birthed on the Left but rejecting some of its core commitments, named it the "Identity Synthesis."](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=mLsrmdPEN_Ic)\
  - [Inspired by the work of thinkers like Michael Foucault, Edward Said, Gayatri Spivak, Derrick Bell, and Kimberl\'e9 Crenshaw, the last four decades saw the construction of academic centers and departments committed to analyzing identity through the lenses of race, gender, and sexuality. Concepts generated by postmodernism, postcolonialism, and critical race theory converged to forge a new post-liberal Left ideology. This ideology rapidly gained dominance among scholars and administrators at America's top universities. By 2010, due to its influences at top schools, it became similarly influential at America's top corporations, and especially non-profits and NGO's. Popular but reductive distortions became prominent among Americans active on Twitter. As a consequence, some scholars of social movements, noting its contract with liberalism, dubbed it, the "Cyber Left." Adherents called themselves "Woke."](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=0VhG87iyGvrd)\
  - [Historically, the American Left has analyzed politics through the lens of class struggle. However, in the 1960s, new emphases gained influence that reflected on politics through the lenses of race, gender, and sexuality. When the Berlin Wall fell in the 1990s, class struggle diminished in influence. The American Left increasingly analyzed politics through the lenses of cultural and identity.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=zQM8YBgqMP65)\
  - ["The Left" denotes social movements that prioritize emancipatory politics. "The Right" denotes social movements that prioritize the preservation of received structures and values.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=6KInjsi1ccZ8)\
  - [Vegter et al. (2022) found that civil religion in its plural strands is more broadly pervasive in American politics than Christian nationalism. The priestly and prophetic strands of American civil religion tell competing accounts of American identity and patriotism, and both are distinct from and compete with Christian nationalism. The two discourses call upon different biblical and American stories and symbols that generate distinctive worldviews and values. Democratic partisans perform the prophetic version of American civil religion discourse. The priestly discourse permeates Republican politics. The major political parties co-opt particular strands of civil religion to generate partisan identity. As a result, appeals to those strands strengthen rather than cure partisan divisions. In addition, Vegter et al. confirmed that both civil religion strands emphasize America's collective identity in non-sectarian ways. In contrast, Christian nationalism is more nativist and theologically exclusive. Because the two civil religion discourses generate different worldviews and values and serve opposing partisan narratives, with both differing significantly from Christian nationalism, Vegter et al. (2022) conclude that appeals to civil religion will not unify Americans or, as Gorski (2016) hoped, help to hold the "vital center" of American politics.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=Ks9W1-wFMWxz)\
  - [Phillip Gorski describes three religio-political discourses that compete in the American public square. Reflecting on the election of Donald Trump in 2016, he describes American civil religion as a discourse rivaling radical secularism and religious nationalism. He argues that renewed emphasis on it can cure America's hyper-polarization. American civil religion is not a static and monolithic belief system. It is a discourse consisting of symbols, rituals, and peoplehood narratives that are locally curated, constantly contested, and dialectically evolving in response to events. While there once may have been a relatively common American civil religion in the post-WW2 era, today, there are at least two distinct forms distinct from Christian nationalism. Vegter et al. (2022) follow many scholars in adopting Max Weber's typology of religious practice to analyze American civil religion. They confirm two mutually exclusive narratives. The "priestly" discourse rationalizes America's deeds and structures, often based on American exceptionalist themes. In contrast, the "prophetic" discourse contrasts America's deeds and structures with its ideals and calls for reforms. Their recent study confirms that American civil religion consists of at least two verifiable contrasting discourses.   ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=lMp-53JAifUk)\
  - [Christian nationalism is a term that's become popular in mass media and on social media ever since Americans witnessed Christian symbols on the National Mall before and during the assault on the United States Capitol while Congress was formalizing the results of the 2020 election.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=KNqQs9uEjG_2)\
  - [Given the significant empirical design flaws brought about by the choice of a single-dimension additive scale, is the QCN scale helpful? Smith and Adler, in a thoughtful review of QCN researchers' claims, observed that perhaps the most beneficial outcome of QCN research is not about Christian nationalism. Instead, they believe QCN researchers may have unexpectedly verified that certain survey items identify "a separationist or secularist orientation operate[ing] in American politics" that is not merely a reaction against Christian nationalism (Smith and Adler 2022: 12). In other words, the value in the QCN scale is at its lower extreme.\'a0The QCN index reliably identifies "radical secularists" who do not want Christian values to shape American civic life (Smith and Adler 2022:6).](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=XLEjMQkgxjLj)\
  - [Smith and Adler suggest we might reasonably construe respondents scoring in the middle range as civic republicans (Smith and Adler 2022:6). Relatedly, Ruth Braunstein (2021) observes that QCN scholars conflate two complex peoplehood narratives that recount distinctive myths about America's founding as a Christian nation, and, most importantly, differ in their accounts of what constitutes and threatens American identity. Li and Froese propose that the mid-range scores reflect the two factors Davis, Smith/Adler, and Braunstein hypothesized. Noting this segment's inclusiveness contrasts with the exclusiveness of a second segment, they dub those respondents\'a0Religious Traditionalists\'a0and distinguish them from more nativist\'a0Church Statists (Li and Froese 2023:25). I will detail the implications of this finding below. For now, the important takeaway is that the QCN scale's middle range obscures and conflates competing narratives about American identity and erroneously indicts them both with the bigotry implied by the charge of Christian nationalism.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=m-aHGjDuwQU5)\
  - [As noted above, the design choice to use a single-dimension additive scale generates ambiguity in the mid-ranges of the index. Because individual question scores are opaque, we cannot discriminate between respondents with the same score even though they may have answered some questions differently. Different sets of responses could achieve the score. Consequently, ambiguity attaches to scores in the middle range (Smith and Adler 2022:8). For example, a respondent may simultaneously hold religiously conservative and civic republican views. Gorski points out that a religious conservative might support anti-abortion laws and oppose the legitimation of same-sex marriage while not embracing Christian nationalism (Gorski 2017b). Similarly, Davis shows that respondents could support the idea that the government should ensure a place for Christian values in civic life and also support religious pluralism in the public square. He notes, "that is a hallmark of religious tolerance, and some respondents appear to think this way" (Davis 2021:8). The QCN scale one-dimensional additive score, particularly in the middle range of scores, obscures such examples of tolerance. QCN scholars count such respondents as Accommodators and part of the 52% of the American population they say support Christian nationalism when, in fact, they oppose it.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=jpBx8iRjln0y)\
  - [One of the challenges in using a data source not designed to assess Christian nationalism is that the survey designers - not QCN researchers - developed the questions and worded them to achieve a different purpose. From the standpoint of measuring Christian nationalism, the survey questions introduce an unacceptable level of ambiguity. Smith and Adler (2022:5ff) document several concerns. First, they observe that it is problematic that a survey used to assess Christian nationalism mentions Christianity in only two of six questions. This absence presents a significant flaw in QCN empirical design that I will consider in detail below. Second, question 3 refers to "strict separation of church and state" but leaves it to the respondent to determine what that means. Multiple respondents could affirm or oppose that while having different and contradictory interpretations about such separation. Question 5 does not mention religion or ask about religion's role in public life. Nonetheless, QCN scholars score it as though respondents interpret the question as a reference to "national adherence to conservative Christian morality (e.g., Whitehead and Perry 2015). However, respondents might just as easily interpret it as a theological affirmation of God's grand design inevitably unfolding in history." Question 6 asks about support for prayer in public schools. However, the question does not make distinctions that most Americans make between mandated "organized Christian prayer" and the freedom to pray. There is reasonable cause to be skeptical of QCN scholars' correlating respondent support for prayer in schools with Christian nationalism. Smith and Adler (2022:5) observe that the reference to Christian values is vague. It does not say what it means, leaving respondents to interpret "Christian values" however they see fit. They note that such interpretations are diverse and that such values are not universal. Non-Christians could desire their promotion, too, without embracing Christian nationalism. Gorski and Perry (2022) justify the use of the innocuous survey questions in their scale by claiming that the questions, though ambiguously worded, stimulate respondents' recollection of "contentious political debates (Gorski and Perry 2022:17). However, even if we grant the premise that the questions evoke such memories, there is reasonable cause to be skeptical of the suggestion that multiple-choice responses to them are evidence of Christian nationalism.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=834ZzvZzHuZg)\
  - [QCN researchers introduced multiple flaws by expressing their response variable, Christian nationalism, as a single-dimension additive scale. They created a linear scale by adding results from the six survey questions. A respondent's Christian Nationalism score is the sum of their six responses. One benefit of this approach is the ease of identifying extreme views. Because the score is the sum of six responses, we can confidently estimate how low and high-scoring respondents answered the six questions. The highest score, 24, reflects someone who scored four on all six questions. A low score of 6 reflects someone who received the lowest score, 1, on all six questions. We identify these extremes by inference, however. We cannot make accurate inferences except at the extremes. That is because the QCN score obscures each response's part in the result, rendering it unfeasible to analyze distinctions between respondents with similar scores. This opacity of item responses leads to the flaws I will discuss below.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=CAK3FVT4rNLx)\
  - [Taxonomy of American Nationalisms](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=jdDZn9Z1OkmE)\
  - [America's civil religion remembers heroes like Martin Luther King, Jr., Abraham Lincoln, and George Washington, and draws upon our civic canon to fuel a shared dream of America becoming "a free people governing themselves for the common good" (Gorski 2019:223). That common good ethic includes the commitment to protect from arbitrary power those whose insecurity is denoted by the biblical metaphor of the widow, orphan, and resident alien, and it stands firm in its belief that all are equal in essential human dignity. It teaches that all Americans are called to sacrifice so that our neighbors might flourish. It respects liberal institutions as essential but insufficient protections of liberty and regards civic virtue as the ultimate means of ensuring the common good.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=0JCna36837i6)\
  - [We live in a time when concepts once universally-held must be discarded to make sense of our world. So it was when we learned the earth is neither the center of the cosmos nor flat, when we learned diseases are not passed through enchantment but by sharing germs and viruses, that the cosmos is not fixed but expanding, and that the Bible doesn't provide a comprehensive account of how humans came to exist. These and countless more examples reflect our learning about ourselves and our habitat. We construct models that reflect the reality we perceive, make the most of them, and then discard them upon discovery their mismatch with the reality we presumed they model. We live in such a time when we must discard the once universally-held concept of race for our decoding of the human genome confirms what many predicted: race is a tool that leads us astray by using skin hues to assign moral, cultural, intellectual, and physical characteristics as well as societal value to groups of people. It has no scientific basis. At most skin hues help us predict that persons carry a blend of genomes more or less well adapted for life near or distant from the equator. The bottom line is that our genomes are so blended that there is no statistically significant difference that enables us to distinguish based on genome, in contrast with the quite clear distinction between those carrying the xx and xy chomosomes. Race has no anthropological basis. We live in a time when we must discard it as a tool for organizing our lives.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=SJIbHmY8OfmT)\
  - [Understanding the factors that influence American politics is crucial. Two of the most critical factors are ethnic group participation and an ethnic group's culture. Although these factors are related, they are not the same. An ethnic group's population can decrease while the influence of its ethno-tradition remains strong. This phenomenon was evident during the era of white American hegemony when the conflicting cultures of North America's Anglo-settler groups drove political tensions even as their shares of the national population decreased. As white anxiety, in response to immigration, rises, it is essential to note that the decrease in the white ethnic population share does not necessarily mean a decline in the white ethno-tradition in American identity. We must recognize and understand these factors to build a stable, inclusive society.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=wOQrhYE2jZ3d)\
  - [The term ethnotradition combines "ethno," which refers to a particular ethnic group, and "tradition," which refers to the commonly accepted instructions for living well passed down through generations. Essentially, an ethnotradition represents the set of cherished instructions that a particular ethnic group has received as given. Even if you have not seen\'a0Fiddler on the Roof, you can still understand the meaning of this term.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=0JTJEr4Om9uG)\
  - [Ethnotraditions, far from mere relics of the past, serve as guiding maps that steer us towards a good life. They are about communal well-being, enabling our success, and providing direction and purpose.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=rOpTCjGI2cII)\
  - [It's essential to understand that the 'tradition'\'a0I am referring to here differs from the\'a0dogma\'a0churches often present as God's law. Representing church dogma as divine revelation is a category error. Dogma belongs to the category of human thought. It is always vulnerable to the same error probability as other human laws.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=M4AZszqol8nQ)\
  - [Ethnotradition denotes a people's general and perpetual wisdom that passes from generation to generation. It's what ancestors have discerned about how to sustain the good life. They don't relay it in a user manual. Instead, it's preserved and conveyed through what cultural geographers call "folkways." Folkways are a people's distinctive shared practices. They include human laws, customs, and practices that generate and convey a people's identity.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=2wxhdqQntl5x)\
  - [When Hooker suggests that \'93the general and perpetual voice of men is as the sentence of God himself,\'94 and when he speaks of that which nature teaches, he speaks as one long-immersed in the Aristotelian tradition during his tenure at Corpus Christi college. That is to say, when Hooker refers to \'91the voice of men\'92 and more generally in terms of that which reason discerns in nature, his meaning in such references seems nuanced, an allusion to endoxa, the Aristotelian method paired with Aristotle\'92s method of phainomena. Aristotle taught that \'93Endoxa are those opinions accepted by everyone, or by the majority, or by the wise\'97and among the wise, by all or most of them, or by those who are the most notable and having the highest reputation.\'92 Consideration of endoxa is not merely respect for those who go before us, but a reliable process of puzzle-solving by which we resolve mysteries arising from our study of phenomena by gathering and testing \'91the most important\'92 \'91credible opinions,\'92 setting aside those which fail testing, moving forward by critical examination of the ways in which our most authoritative predecessors framed those puzzles.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=TYeLo-PubSp-)\
  - [\'93The general and perpetual voice of men\'94 echoes Aristotle\'92s endoxa and thereby evokes Aristotle\'92s meaning within Hooker\'92s discourse. Aristotle\'92s twin methods of phainomena and endoxa constitute the two most basic ways by which philosophy discovers truth: "As in other cases, we must set out the appearances (phainomena) and run through all the puzzles regarding them. In this way we must prove the credible opinions (endoxa) about these sorts of experiences\'97ideally, all the credible opinions, but if not all, then most of them, those which are the most important. For if the objections are answered and the credible opinions remain, we shall have an adequate proof (Aristotle. EN vii 1, 1145b2\'967.in Shields.11)"](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=bwgxwDl9-08P)\
  - [This background illuminates Hooker\'92s complaint about the philosophical method of his interlocutors. First, there is a domain within which only Scripture expresses the eternal law in a manner comprehensible to fallen humanity, and that domain is the supernatural path to eternal beatitude that is the incarnate Christ. Yet many of the questions that arise in communal life belong to a second domain in which the eternal law is expressed both by divine law (scripture) and the natural law of reason. Within this latter domain, in which the eternal law is revealed to humans through scripture, \'93the glorious works of nature,\'94 personal experience of the Spirit\'92s direction, and through the fruits of \'93worldly experience and practice,\'94 the proper philosophical method by which the good is discovered begins with the particularities of the puzzle the community confronts. The community then gathers and tests the endoxa which seem to be applicable, and thereby reaches conclusions which may or may not validate the received wisdom. Hooker\'92s complaint was that, within this second domain, his opponents failed to recognize the authority of these non-scriptural sources of authority, and, when applying scriptural guidance, failed to assess adequately whether and how general principles from scripture were applicable to the particularities of the presenting ethical questions.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=rNCa3VbQrqkh)\
  - [Rome\'92s error was categorical. Roman \'91tradition\'92 was not divine law, but human law. Rejection of Roman tradition properly was not a matter of naming all things Roman as false, but rather of naming as idolatrous the claim that Roman tradition is sacred alongside scripture. That is, "whether we do now stand bound in the sight of God to yield to traditions urged by the Church of Rome the same obedience and reverence we do to his written law, honoring equally and adoring both as divine; our answer is no. They that so earnestly plead for the authority of Tradition, as if nothing were more safely conveyed than that which spreadeth it self by report, and descendeth by relation of former generations unto the ages that succeed, are not all of them (surely a miracle it were if they should be) so simple, as thus to persuade themselves; however if the simple were so persuaded, they could be content perhaps very well to enjoy the benefit, as they account it, of that common error. What hazard the truth is in when it passeth through the hands of report, how maimed and deformed it becometh; they are not, they cannot possibly be ignorant (Laws.1.13.2)."](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=bIk6Q1Uts15B)\
  - [In contrast, Hooker held a high view of the authority of \'91the voice of men.\'92 As I have suggested above, however, the trajectory of credible opinions in resolving a question is not a source of authority separate from and alternative to reason, but rather is itself a phenomenon presented to and examined by reason. Consideration of what I have characterized as endoxa is not consideration of some authority severable from reason, but rather is integral to proper philosophical reasoning. In each considered question, the voice of men properly is heard, examined critically, and either affirmed, rejected, or amended. Hooker does not, in a positive sense, posit a three-fold set of authorities by which we discern our way to the good, but rather sets nature and scripture alongside each other as sources of all knowledge necessary to salvation: "It sufficeth therefore that nature and scripture do serve in such full sort that they both jointly and not severally either of them be so complete that unto everlasting felicity we need not the knowledge of any thing more than these two may easily furnish our minds with on all sides, and therefore they which add traditions as a part of supernatural necessary truth have not the truth but are in error (Laws.1.14.5.)."](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=GfGOPQiuShmS)\
  - [As with Aristotle, such endoxa, for Hooker are, themselves phenomena to be gathered and examined; they mediate within history principles about where the good may be found, yet even simple ones know \'93what hazard the truth is in when it passeth through the hands of report, how maimed and deformed it becometh.\'94 We can neither credit endoxa with divine status nor insist that scripture alone governs in the domain of the natural law: "Neither may we in this case lightly esteem what hath been allowed as fit in the judgment of antiquity and by the long continued practice of the whole Church from which unnecessarily to swerve experience hath never as yet found it safe (Laws.5.7.1)"](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=x_8_qywms45p)\
  - [As we have seen, Hooker\'92s doctrine of duplex cognitio Dei traces the genealogy of both human positive law and scripture to the eternal law in order to demonstrate that both manifest God\'92s law. In Hooker\'92s schema, scripture is the sole element in the category of \'91divine law,\'92 whereas various forms of law constitute the category of natural law. The importance of this schema is not solely in the distinction it protects between the natural and supernatural paths to eternal blessedness, nor in the clarity it provides about which sources of authorities govern in each domain. The schema also illuminates differences in the reliability we reasonably assign to those authorities. Elements in the category of divine law are reasonably assumed to be of the highest reliability because they, by definition, consist of direct revelation of God within history. The principles thereby revealed carry the authoritative rank of necessity. In contrast, elements in the category of natural law are derivative, consisting of socially mediated and historically experienced principles, and thus, though they have their origins in the eternal law, are subject to the compounded probabilistic errors of human receipt and transmission. The principles thereby revealed cannot be said to be necessary because they are only provisionally known. That which is of the category of divine law is divine; that which is of human law, is not.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=BjKk4CMlW3WW)\
  - [Tradition,\'92 for Hooker, usually referred to Roman Catholic declarations pertaining to things necessary to salvation, the authority of which was forcefully rejected by the Reformers. Hooker rejected the addition of Roman \'91traditions as a part of supernatural necessary truth,\'92 noting that \'91we do not reject them only because they are not in the Scripture but because they are neither in scripture nor can otherwise sufficiently by any reason be proved to be of God.\'94](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=Fi_s-6ogEQZ7)\
  - [It is important to pause at this point to take note of a common fallacy in popular depictions of Hooker\'92s legacy. It is now a commonplace to attribute to Hooker a doctrine in which \'91tradition\'92 is placed alongside scripture and reason as part of a three-fold set of authorities that legitimately guides Christian thought. That depiction is problematic for a number of reasons, but for our present purpose it is important to clarify that Hooker infrequently referred to \'91tradition,\'92 and when he did, he almost always used the term in a highly negative sense. In what follows, I distinguish between endoxa (or \'91voice of men,\'92 as Hooker referred to it) and \'91tradition\'92 in the sense of Roman Catholic sacred tradition having an authority like that of scripture.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=4dDmZP7Ae76f)\
  - [We must also differentiate between tradition and ideologies that those around us may accept to the point that we consider them to be given facts and expect others to do the same. Ideologies are frameworks of ideas used by small, highly educated, and engaged segments of populations. For these groups, ideologies may seem like unchanging principles and function like religious beliefs. However, just like religious doctrines, ideologies are a product of human thought\'97not a divine revelation\'97and are therefore prone to errors.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=VN9-iBngyaOy)\
  - [The MAGA movement aims to unite people around one of America's four dominant Anglo ethnotraditions, white Christian Nationalism. This ethnotradition, characterized by its unique religious beliefs and ideology, defines for White Christian Nationalists what it means to be an American.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=tTTvqxuzeHTE)\
  - [White ethnic group anxiety over the dilution of their ethnotradition within the American identity drives the MAGA movement.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=pD5xFLaohrS3)\
  - [It refers to an ethnic group's tradition, consisting of shared practices that form the context within which all reasoning and innovation occur. Arguments about how human communities can thrive continuously shape this context.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=P1Y9F34ZEXdV)\
  - [Ethnic traditions develop through a dialectical process as ethnic groups strive to thrive in a dynamic world shaped by external forces.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=hu1pItqe0KnF)\
  - [All such governance should be directed toward the flourishing of its people, not in oppositional logic in the encounter with other peoples, but in fellowship with other peoples, in the expectation that all are seeking beauty, truth, and justice in their particularly.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=d8fMaG0aNt)\
  - [Political belongingness, manifest as membership in a people, is among the most fundamental human needs, no matter the scale.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=5GJ7ay2SXk)\
  - [A rightly-ordered narrative concerning peoples emphasizes the primacy of this freedom of individuals and peoples](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=Oi7nN8TBql)\
  - [Freedom is not unencumbered agency but liberation from that which impedes one's capacity to create and unite with the good cooperatively.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=1ffnm9WrMW)\
  - [Instead,  we share our stories of where we've encounter beauty, truth, and justice and universalize the call to order our communal relationships with God and each other in local covenants that seek to unite with those ontological realities in the particular spaces where our lives are embedded.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=GPXKymB9Uc)\
  - [Liberalism deduces universal (transcendant) values from the particular and seeks to erase difference in its encounter with the other by overwriting their narrative with its own.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=ZMo7n-TuIV)\
  - [Nationalism at the personal level is a consciousness of and response to this relation to one's own and other peoples.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=wMRnYODS-n)\
  - [I conceive religion as a social construct we create for collaboration in pursuit of the good. It\'92s a tool Sapiens invent to comprehend our world and determine our next steps and discern between possible ends. Not all such tools are equally valuable (fit) for that purpose and our tools rust, break, and obsolesce. In that conception, religion is radically distinct from \'93revelation\'94 which is that which we perceive of proper ends from the source of all goodness, beauty, and truth- who I call Father. So I\'92m not cynical about religion but see our various Christianities and other religions as tools that are by definition flawed, in various stages of corruption, and always in need of adaptation to a dynamic universe. I share your critique but want to reengineer the tool for our world rather than reject the tool.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=SKapoAMjhXx1)\
  - ["Free rein" is insufficiently free. A horse given free reign is free only as long she goes where and how fast I want her to go. As long as I hold the reigns in my hands, even if I allow her to go where she pleases, she is always in fact subject to my control. She lives always with the possibility of being unfree, which means she's not actually free at all.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=HRwx6zfzHejz)\
  - [Reflections on Priestly Tradition and Scriptural Critique](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=BVAnb1OpIpjy)\
  - [Exploring the Tensions Between Prophetic and Priestly Traditions](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=xinmWhk3KqmL)\
  - [Managing Sources in SN(A)CK framework](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=zSawbvatu_zP)\
  - [Taking Atomic Notes in SN(A)CK framework](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=v7o2jteKWmjs)\
  - [Synthesizing notes in SN(A)CK framework](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=X0nOCCPaTTK-)\
  - [Creating Content in SN(A)CK framework](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=r6JzNbMiC7nb)\
  - [Digesting Sources in SN(A)CK Framework](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=R5HJ1Tk9vPE7)\
  - [The roots of resistance took hold during America's first Reconstruction in the 1870s. Wealthy white ex-Confederates vehemently opposed granting Black and women voters the right to vote, fearing that it would pave the way for a socialist uprising. They contended that using tax dollars to develop public infrastructure such as roads, schools, and hospitals was tantamount to redistributing wealth. Furthermore, they adamantly resisted government oversight of factories, labeling it as socialism. This resistance ultimately resulted in violence and the suppression of voters through the implementation of Jim Crow laws. The affluent ex-Confederates defended their actions as necessary to safeguard the American Way, arguing that taxes for public improvements constituted unjust wealth redistribution.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=AQMs2txu_ZLb)\
  - [The Shift in American Civil Religion](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=mFhKv7rChkdX)\
  - [Understanding Apocalyptism and Religious Nationalism](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=j8J2M-UUwhHC)\
  - [The Mutation of American Civil Religion](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=wrcpR2KojCCJ)\
  - [Correlating Civic Religion and Foundationalism](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=VsE4FRJNj9oC)\
  - [Blacks, Hispanics, and non-Anglo immigrants faced segregation and oppression under Jim Crow laws throughout the South and West, while Asians were denied citizenship by the Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=3bhhuCWX_wos)\
  - [Wealthy former Confederates opposed the idea of granting voting rights to women and Black males by comparing them to the communards, who were supporters of the Paris Commune of 1871. The communards were French socialists who briefly took over Paris in response to suffering caused by the Franco-Prussian War. By labeling Black and female suffrage supporters as communards, the White ex-Confederates aimed to create fear among citizens that their enfranchisement would lead to a violent socialist takeover of the United States.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=SHzgc-FWpRDk)\
  - [Dog whistles are covert messages intended for a specific group of people. They are commonly used in politics and are not necessarily negative. However, they become problematic when they are used to evade criticism by conveying messages that would be condemned if expressed openly, as they go against fundamental American values such as equality and freedom from oppression. Dog whistles are a form of sneaky politics and typically involve three steps: A subtly disguised message, often related to race. A denial of violating core values. An attack on those who call out the dog whistle, often accusing them of playing the victim. These covert messages often conceal the undermining of American values from the intended audience, eliciting automatic responses. ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=1bFQ_3_XonhG)\
  - [The key point to note is the propaganda used to justify excluding and suppressing non-Anglo and female citizens. The winning strategy arose in the 1870s as part of efforts to resist our First Reconstruction.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=y5pAx29Nga92)\
  - [The period before and after the Civil War was marked by reformers advocating for expanded citizenship rights for non-Anglo males and Anglo females. They focused on rights such as voting, property ownership, and to marry and work across cultural boundaries. They also pushed for public investments in infrastructure like roads, schools, and hospitals accessible to non-Anglos.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=cVbTz2S4_N4K)\
  - [They objected on the grounds that (1) it would be unfair, as they owned most of the nation's property and would end up paying a disproportionate share of the needed taxes. They also saw it as (2) wealth redistribution, with the poor and middle class benefiting more from the improved infrastructure than the wealthy. ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=Bf1Tb1sFTuxE)\
  - [To maintain their power, they fiercely opposed the passing and enforcement of the 15th Amendment, which granted voting rights to previously enslaved men. They also enacted laws to prevent or hinder non-Anglo voting, impacting groups such as formerly enslaved individuals, el Norte and Native Americans who preceded Anglos in settling California and the Southwest, Latino immigrants in Florida, and Chinese immigrants on the West Coast. This unequal treatment under the law was legally established for 70 to 100 years.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=T1eaiIB6XTzn)\
  - [However, wealthy Anglo males strongly opposed these reforms, fearing a dilution of their cultural dominance if voting rights were extended to non-Anglos and females. They predicted that expanding suffrage would lead to increased taxes to build infrastructure in areas inhabited by the poor.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=Ve7iQ3on1jPZ)\
  - [During the Jim Crow era, wealthy white ex-Confederates used exclusion and violence against voters who supported the rollback of Jim Crow laws or taxes that mainly helped America's poor. They justified it with constant use of this Communism/Socialism/Marxism dog whistle.  One lasting impact of this era is that it ingrained in Anglo culture the belief that maintaining minority rule is in line with good citizenship and the protection of the American Way.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=bbksbBZzISX2)\
  - [In our history, this is the standard way Anglo politicians and their wealthy patrons - a minority of our population - have resisted reforms aimed at improving the lot of the poor and disenfranchised. They fiercely resist policies that (1) dilute Anglo power by fully enfranchising non-Anglos and women and (2) invest in infrastructure and programs that benefit people experiencing poverty by calling them socialist, communist, or Marxist. Empowering all citizens to vote neither abolishes private property nor establishes government control of the means of production. Nor does increasing taxes to fund infrastructure investments that benefit all citizens. They strengthen democracy by widening the range of citizens participating in its responsibilities and fruits. The socialism dog whistle was and is nonsense. But it's highly effective nonsense. It's how the Anglo majority rolled back our First Reconstruction and imposed Jim Crow and its cousins to oppress non-Anglos for more than 70 years after the civil war. It's how the Anglo majority resisted the civil rights movement of the 1950s-60s.  Ad how it resists efforts to address the massive wealth inequality that threatens our democracy today.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=uf2oNV0a1nZA)\
  - [Wealthy former Confederates opposed the idea of granting voting rights to women and Black males by comparing them to the communards, who were supporters of the Paris Commune of 1871. The communards were French socialists who briefly took over Paris in response to suffering caused by the Franco-Prussian War. By labeling Black and female suffrage supporters as communards, the wealthy ex-Confederates aimed to create fear among Anglo citizens that non-Anglo and female enfranchisement would lead to a violent socialist takeover of the United States. This resistance ultimately resulted in violence and the suppression of voters through the implementation of Jim Crow laws. The affluent ex-Confederates defended their actions as necessary to safeguard the American Way, arguing that taxes for public improvements constituted unjust wealth redistribution.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=jBQqc39V0-d_)\
  - [The propaganda that aimed to discredit Black and women suffragists by labeling them as communists became a highly successful political strategy in America. It led to the use of coded language that always conveys the same message. Anyone labeled as a communist, socialist, or Marxist is to be seen as a threat to the American Way, which good citizens should resist. If not, a socialist takeover will occur, leading to the permanent loss of the American Way. Defining one's opponent a communist, Marxist, or socialist - whether true or untrue - became a tried and true way to define them as America's public enemy number one.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=EXoiMyo2X2if)\
  - [(REFRAIN) The message the dog whistle covertly sounds, the secret it conceals that cannot be spoken because it subverts American values, is that "if we don't stop this reform now, we will our power to rule as a minority." ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=J-1uvoqC8ZqT)\
  - [So if we're serious about wanting to preserve our civic republic for our grandchildren and their grandhildren, we need to stop responding to and repeating dog whistles - especially this evil one -  and start responding to our responsibility to make all citizens free.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=z3SwuCF005OX)\
  - [For all citizens to be free, we must be expressively egalitarian in ensuring each of us has sufficient infrastructure, insurance, and insulation to flourish. That's not Marx. That's Aristotle and James Madison, paraphrased, in describing what's necessary for a civic republic to flourish. ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=6l7qWOPYDnCV)\
  - [If you are a politician whose patrons are the wealthy minority that enjoyed asymmetric power since King Cotton launched our economy into a global powerhouse, how do you resist efforts to give women the vote? You sound the Communism/Socialist/Marxism dog whistle.  How do you resist efforts to give the former enslaved the vote? You sound the Communism/Socialist/Marxism dog whistle. How do you resist efforts to give wage-earners the the right to unionize so they can make factories safe places to work? You sound the Communism/Socialist/Marxism dog whistle. How do you resist efforts to build schools, roads, and hospitals for the poor? You sound the Communism/Socialist/Marxism dog whistle. How do you resist efforts to eliminate discriminate in the workplace based on race and gender? You sound the Communism/Socialist/Marxism dog whistle. And how do you resist efforts to eliminate structures of domination so that we transition successfully to civic republic in which all citizens share equal freedom and look into each others' eyes as equals in the 21st century? You know the answer. It's the same old playbook. You sound the Communism/Socialist/Marxism dog whistle.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=7g-9EHr0-iLn)\
  - [Like many politicians before them, in 2024, some politicians invoke the mutations of socialism evangelized by the Soviet Union, China, and Cuba.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=mY4iolmOGIma)\
  - [We don't have to guess because our language and usage history make it clear. In 2024, politicians have been precise: Communist/Socialist/Marxist, and he's even thrown in Fascism to make the trifecta a quartet. They use verbatim the most potent dog whistle used in the 1970s, 1950s, 1930s, in the run-up to WWI, and in its original use in the 1870s.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=Ts9x_6OVIICn)\
  - [I answer as a Cold War veteran. After Annapolis, my classmates and I went to sea to contain the Soviet Empire. When American politicians invoke the communism/socialism/Marxism dog whistle, they are intentionally tapping into Pavlovian responses of Americans who grew up doing nuclear bomb drills and paid extraordinary costs to defeat communism throughout the world.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=hW4wzdLeGVED)\
  - [How do we discern God\'92s will for us as a people and as individuals? Let\'92s start with first principles. The classical answer is that we begin not by looking at ourselves but by remembering who God is. There are those who believe gods created the universe and left it alone, having nothing to do with it afterwards. There are those who imagine capricious and wrathful gods who intervene on earth only to punish humans. And there are those who claim there are no gods at all, that we are self- created and self-validated. The common denominator in all of these is that we are all alone, left to fend for ourselves in a cruel, often violent world. But we believe there is only one true God, whose Word spoke creation into existence and continues to sustain and redeem Creation. [Never to be except to be with us]](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=EKp7mnQwvn-2)\
  - [We live in an era when Christians are deeply divided concerning the goodness God calls us to embody. What some call evil, others call good, and what some call good, others call evil. And even when we have agreement on what\'92s good, we disagree on which good is most important. In other words, we agree that we should pursue God\'92s will with all our power, but we\'92ve become confused about how we discern God\'92s will. That\'92s what this series is about. When we are struggling to figure out our best path forward - either as a people or as individuals, how do we discern God\'92s will?](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=OExE82BWLkgB)\
  - [It's easy to believe pundits who argue that the rise of Trump-style fascism stems mainly from cultural factors rather than economic ones. However, we must recognize that cultural tensions are deeply intertwined with their economic backdrop. Power shapes our societal investments\'97the reasons and methods by which we channel our "energies, capacities, and aspirations." Since 1980, the fruits of economic growth have increasingly been concentrated among the wealthiest individuals and large corporations. While certain sectors saw gains during the 2010s, it would be a mistake to call the overall economy strong. Wealth and power remain largely in the hands of the affluent, with little reaching the middle class, thereby intensifying existing cultural conflicts. Moreover, the underlying structural issues that triggered the Great Recession still persist. This setting has paved the way for the emergence of 'American fascism,' a dangerous evolution within the Republican Party. It pushes us to relinquish our autonomy and reason to a Strong Man who promises to mend a system rigged to benefit only a privileged few. It\'92s essential that we confront these realities head-on.  ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=JhNW4gT3z20H)\
  - [Justification theory is based on about 10 percent of Paul's letters, and its proponents fail to recognize Paul's use of commonly used rhetorical method that, in Socratic fashion, alternately presents one's opponent's argument and then refutes it. As a result, they confuse arguments of Paul's legalistic Jewish opponents ("the Teachers") with Paul's.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=zhZDhES3-piP)\
  - [Because Justification Theory proponents fail to recognize Paul's presentation of Socratic debates with the Teachers, they wrongly interpret Paul as proclaiming the forensic gospel of retributive justice that Paul mocks.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=LxXYz8GzUiE4)\
  - [Paul's authentic gospel is not contractual, forensic, or retributive but participatory, resurrectional, and transformative.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=wPdsY75Ux_Nm)\
  - [Darryl Manwaring In an earlier post, I explained the etymology of woke (and anti-woke) and DEI, tracing their history briefly. There I made clear that I see the populist reaction Trump symbolizes as, in part, a reaction against an ideology that abandoned MLK\'92s \'91beloved community\'92 in favor of a worldview that sees truth and reason as impossible and merely as instruments of domination. Nothing betters illustrates the reaction against this claim that truth is whatever power says it is than the reaction to transgender politics as aptly captured by the sports debate you mention. The real issue is not competition but whether the concept of gender is grounded in anything scientifically true, and, more deeply, if truth exists. That battle symbolizes the reaction against those who claim truth is not a function of power dynamics but is grounded in reality. I understand the Democratic vote on that question as evidence that many voters disagree with my view that sex, unlike race, has some scientific foundation and thus is a valid concept. In contrast, I view anyone who believes race has a scientific foundation and argues we should retain it as an organizing principle in society as a flat-earther, someone insisting we order society on the basis of erroneous thinking by earlier generations. So, for me, there is such a thing as truth, and, in contrast with that leftist ideology, truth is not merely an instrument of power dynamics. If you agree with that, then hopefully you would want to see that view consistently held. That\'92s where my concerns with Trumpism begin. For, in my view, Trumpism inconsistently adopts the mirror image of that Leftist view in its worldview: truth is whatever power says it is; the the world consists of friends or foes (Schmidttian), and you show you\'92re a friend by affirming whatever power asserts as true. So, like that leftist ideology, Truth has no foundation except in power and you demonstrate you are a friend by submission to falsehoods. Moreover, there\'92s not enough of the things that sustain us - a politics of scarcity - so we see politics as a war over scarce resources between friends and foes. My dissent to Trumpism arises from these fundamental claims. My politics comes not from Democrats but from an ethics that begins with the premise that God loves all creation and is with us, that truth is real and not arbitrary, that we are fully human only when we are reconciled with God and all creation, and that God has given us everything we need to sustain us if we do as God taught by seeking always to break bread together. That\'92s not utopian. Sin is just as real and will always be. But that ethics leads me to dissent from a politics of domination whether from the left or the right. So that\'92s where I come from, not, as you suppose, from a left-wing politics. I would love it Trump\'92s approach to our distant neighbors did not begin with a story of victimhood and scarcity, two claims I see as intrinsically false.](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=WMY3BaiU0E23)\
  - [Campbell's project since his opus, The Deliverance of God, is two-fold. First, he seeks to highlight and correct anthropological, epistemological, and theological errors that pervade "justification theory," a dominant framework for interpreting Paul's writings that leads to a false account of the gospel and tragically distorts Christian ethics. Second, he seeks to demonstrate how these errors arise from misinterpretation of and overemphasis on a small minority of Paul's words that mistakenly assign to Paul a natural theology and contractual soteriology that contradicts the apocalyptic and participatory gospel that dominates Paul's correspondence. ](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=k5HnB0MNuopu)\
  - [Synthesis Notes on C. Kavin Rowe's "World Upside Down" for the MAGA Christianism Project](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=papX1xDjAiia)\
  - [Synthesis Notes on Samuel Wells' "Constructing an Incarnational Theology" for the MAGA Christianism Project](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=PDBsA6LDVaxO)\
  - [Synthesis Notes on Douglas Campbell's Work for the MAGA Christianism Project](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=vPqnbazzyb0i)\
  - [Synthesis Notes on Hauerwas' "With the Grain of the Universe" for the MAGA Christianism Project](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=wFcyZHprPdLp)\
  - [Synthesis Notes on Jeffrey Stout's "Democracy and Tradition" for MAGA Christianism Project](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=sqpT1rwcUf3t)\
  - [Synthesized Voice Profile: Craig Geevarghese-Uffman](https://app.tana.inc?nodeid=R3_wxxGNqcY1)\
}