{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2820
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When Love Turns from Truth: Understanding MAGA Christianism's Truthfulness Problem\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 [SUGGESTED HEADER IMAGE: A split image showing a Bible open to John 14:6 ("I am the way, the truth, and the life") on one side, and on the other side, a hand holding scales of justice that are tipped by money/power symbols overweighing a small flame (representing truth). The image should have a dramatic lighting contrast - bright illumination on the Bible text, shadows on the imbalanced scales.]\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 A recent conversation with my friend Derek Woodard-Lehman about the current political climate led me back to philosopher Harry Frankfurt's work. Derek recommended I revisit Frankfurt's dual essays on love and bullshit\'97insights that have taken on new urgency in our present moment.\
These reflections were sharpened when I heard about someone who, while abusing his wife, casually dismissed truth-telling with the chilling pragmatism: "It doesn't matter if you lie if it works."\
This statement\'97horrifying in its naked instrumentalism\'97reveals the philosophical underpinnings of what we've both observed in certain strains of MAGA Christianism. It's not merely political posturing; it's a fundamental disordering of love that warrants careful examination.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 The Disordered Love at the Heart of Untruthfulness\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Frankfurt argues in "The Reasons of Love" that love creates a particular necessity in our lives\'97it establishes what we value and shapes our identity. Authentic love involves "disinterested concern for the existence of what is loved, and for what is good for it." When properly ordered, love binds us to truth because we care deeply about the reality of what we love.\
But what happens when love becomes disordered?\
The Christian tradition has long understood that the love of God is inseparable from the love of truth, as Christ himself claimed to be "the way, the truth, and the life." Yet what we witness in MAGA Christianism often reflects what theologian Stanley Hauerwas identified in his critique of Reinhold Niebuhr\'97a fundamental commitment not to Christian truth, but to philosophical pragmatism.\
Niebuhr's approach, influenced by William James, subtly replaced Christian commitments with pragmatic considerations of what "works" in the sociopolitical realm. This isn't Christianity; it's a Jamesian pragmatism draped in religious language. When this thinking infiltrates faith communities, truth becomes dispensable\'97valued only insofar as it serves predetermined ends.\
As Derek noted during our conversation, this pragmatic turn helps explain how certain religious leaders can justify supporting figures whose behavior contradicts their stated moral values. If effectiveness becomes the primary criterion, truth and moral consistency become secondary concerns.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Bullshit: The Language of Disordered Love\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Frankfurt's analysis of bullshit provides the perfect companion to understanding this phenomenon. The bullshitter, unlike the liar, has no real concern for truth or falsehood. As Frankfurt writes: "The bullshitter...does not reject the authority of the truth, as the liar does, and oppose himself to it. He pays no attention to it at all."\
This indifference to truth characterizes much of what passes for discourse in MAGA Christianism. Consider how easily biblical verses are ripped from context, how theological concepts are repurposed for political ends, how easily verifiable falsehoods are circulated without correction. The speaking isn't constrained by fidelity to what is true, but shaped entirely by what advances the movement's aims.\
Like the abuser who justifies lying because "it works," this approach reveals not just tactical dishonesty but a profound spiritual disorder. It's a turning away from God as the source of all Truth toward the idolatry of effectiveness.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 The Retreat to Sincerity as Bullshit\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Perhaps most insightfully, Frankfurt notes how in our skeptical age, many have "retreated from the discipline required by dedication to the ideal of correctness to a quite different sort of discipline, which is imposed by pursuit of an alternative ideal of sincerity."\
We see this constantly in religious-political discourse\'97the defense of falsehoods with appeals to authentic feeling or sincere belief. "He speaks what's in his heart" becomes the shield against criticism of factual inaccuracies. But as Frankfurt devastatingly concludes: "insofar as this is the case, sincerity itself is bullshit."\
Derek and I discussed how this retreat to sincerity has become particularly pronounced in an era where "alternative facts" and "speaking your truth" have replaced the more rigorous standard of objective reality. The problem isn't just that people lie\'97it's that entire communities have become indifferent to the distinction between truth and falsehood as long as the speaker seems authentic.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 The Necessity of Reordering Love\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 The antidote to this disordered state isn't simply better fact-checking or more rigorous honesty (though these are needed). It requires a fundamental reordering of love.\
When we love God properly, we cannot be indifferent to truth, for they are inseparable. When we love our neighbors genuinely, we cannot be casual about deception, for authentic love creates a necessity to speak truthfully. As Frankfurt notes, love "creates the reasons by which his acts of loving concern and devotion are inspired."\
MAGA Christianism's truthfulness problem isn't just a moral failing; it's evidence of a profound theological disorder\'97a turning from the God who is Truth toward the idol of what works. The statement "it doesn't matter if you lie if it works" could never be uttered by someone whose love is properly ordered toward God and neighbor.\
For Christians concerned about this movement's trajectory, the challenge isn't merely political but deeply spiritual. It calls us to reexamine not just what we believe, but what\'97and how\'97we love. For in the end, our relationship with truth reveals not just our politics, but the true object of our worship.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \strokec2 This post was inspired by conversations with Derek Woodard-Lehman and reflections on Harry Frankfurt's works "On Bullshit" and "The Reasons of Love," which provide philosophical frameworks for understanding the relationship between love, truth, and the human tendency toward indifference to both.
\f1\i0 \
}