{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2820
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Christian Nationalism: Theology as Resistance (Text)\
The theological distortion we call Christian nationalism represents not merely a political phenomenon but a profound spiritual crisis within American Christianity. As I've argued in my recent work with the Episcopal Church's Theology Committee, what we're witnessing isn't simply conservatives applying their faith to politics\'97it's a fundamental reimagining of Christianity itself, one that subordinates theological truth to nationalist mythology.\
The Trinitarian Critique\
When we examine Christian nationalism through robust trinitarian theology, its fundamental errors become apparent. The doctrine of the Trinity reveals God as a communion of persons whose very nature is self-giving love\'97perichoresis, that divine dance of mutual indwelling without domination or absorption. This trinitarian understanding fundamentally contradicts nationalism's assertion of exclusive identity and self-interested power.\
The theological anthropology that follows from trinitarian thinking sees human flourishing not in autonomous self-determination but in right relationship. We are created in the image of a God who 
\f1\i is
\f0\i0  relationship, whose unity doesn't erase difference but celebrates it. Christian nationalism, by contrast, offers an anthropology of dominance masked as divinely ordained hierarchy.\
Barth's critique of natural theology becomes particularly relevant here. Christian nationalism performs precisely the idolatrous move Barth identified in liberal Protestantism and Nazi theology\'97it begins with a cultural project (white Christian hegemony) and retrofits theology to support it. Instead of allowing God's self-revelation in Christ to judge culture, it uses selective biblical texts to sanctify cultural preferences.\
Liturgical Formation as Resistance\
The church's primary response to Christian nationalism cannot be merely intellectual argument but liturgical formation that shapes a different kind of political imagination. As Samuel Wells reminds us, worship is not preparation for social action but is itself social action, forming us as a peculiar people whose political witness emerges from eucharistic practice.\
In the liturgy, we practice a different understanding of citizenship. We confess sins rather than proclaiming national innocence. We exchange peace across social boundaries. We share bread and wine that make us one body across the very divisions nationalism seeks to enforce. Every Sunday, faithful congregations engage in practices that directly contradict nationalist mythology about who belongs and who matters.\
The Eucharist, properly understood, is inherently political without being partisan. It forms us as a community where status and wealth hold no privilege, where all are equally recipients of grace. This liturgical formation isn't separate from political witness but fundamentally shapes it. We learn freedom not as isolated individuals but as members of Christ's body.\
The Republican Tradition and Theological Politics\
Philip Pettit's articulation of freedom as non-domination provides a helpful framework for understanding what's at stake politically. Christian nationalism champions "freedom" as non-interference for the privileged while accepting\'97even championing\'97domination of others. This fundamentally contradicts both the freedom proclaimed in the Gospel and the civic republican tradition that shaped our nation's founding before being corrupted by white supremacy.\
Jonathan Levy's historical work helps us understand how economic arrangements have shaped theological imagination. Christian nationalism's alliance with market fundamentalism isn't accidental but reflects a deeper theological confusion that absolutizes property rights while relativizing human dignity. The theological task involves disentangling Christianity from both nationalism and capitalism to recover its prophetic edge.\
Historical Consciousness and Theological Witness\
Our response to Christian nationalism requires historical consciousness about how we arrived at this moment. My own connection to Louisiana's plantation country has taught me how theological language can be weaponized to defend unjust arrangements. My ancestors claimed Christian identity while participating in chattel slavery, finding ways to read Scripture that sanctified their domination of others.\
Today's Christian nationalism follows a similar hermeneutical pattern, using Christian language to sanctify systems that maintain white hegemony while denying doing exactly that. The theological response must include truthful narration about this history rather than the sanitized versions offered by nationalist mythology.\
Richard Hooker, facing similar challenges in Elizabethan England, recognized that political theology must be grounded in rigorous trinitarian thinking rather than simplistic appeals to Scripture divorced from its proper context. Like Hooker, we must recover theological reasoning that begins with God's nature rather than with nationalist identity or market logic.\
The Church as Counter-Polis\
Luke Bretherton's vision of the church as "counter-polis" offers a compelling alternative to both Christian nationalism and religious privatization. The church's political witness emerges not from seeking power but from practicing an alternative politics within its own life\'97hospitality rather than exclusion, reconciliation rather than division, mutual care rather than competition.\
This doesn't mean withdrawal from public life but engagement on different terms. The church enters public discourse not to impose Christian rule but to witness to how power can be exercised without domination. Its political voice emerges not from partisan alignment but from its distinctive practices of forgiveness, reconciliation, and mutual recognition.\
A Different Theological Imagination\
What America needs isn't Christian nationalism but Christians formed by worship practices that expand moral imagination beyond national borders toward the beloved community that transcends them. This witness begins not with securing Christian power but with truthful confession about our complicity in systems of domination.\
Douglas Campbell's work on Paul offers a powerful theological framework here. Paul's understanding of participation in Christ fundamentally reorders social relationships away from domination toward mutual recognition. The early Christian confession "Jesus is Lord" directly challenged imperial claims and continues to challenge all attempts to conflate divine and national purpose.\
The theological response to Christian nationalism isn't secular politics but deeper Christian formation. It offers not domination but invitation\'97to a table where all are welcome because all bear God's image, regardless of nationality, race, or status. This eucharistic politics stands as living refutation of Christian nationalism's idolatrous distortions and offers a genuine alternative that is neither secular progressivism nor religious nationalism but the distinctive witness of a people formed by trinitarian love.\
}